Hi, I'm Cassie Kosov and this is AI Hi, I'm Cassie Kosov and this is AI
Advice from Anywhere where I walk and Advice from Anywhere where I walk and Advice from Anywhere where I walk and
talk about AI and you see how many talk about AI and you see how many talk about AI and you see how many
seconds it takes for you to figure out seconds it takes for you to figure out seconds it takes for you to figure out
what city I'm in. Ready? Let's start the what city I'm in. Ready? Let's start the what city I'm in. Ready? Let's start the
timer. There's a new engineering timer. There's a new engineering timer. There's a new engineering
discipline in town. Open AI proved it's discipline in town. Open AI proved it's discipline in town. Open AI proved it's
possible to ship a product with a possible to ship a product with a possible to ship a product with a
million lines of code, of which zero million lines of code, of which zero million lines of code, of which zero
were human typed. And it took them a were human typed. And it took them a were human typed. And it took them a
tenth of the time that it would have tenth of the time that it would have tenth of the time that it would have
taken to write by hand. Let that sink taken to write by hand. Let that sink taken to write by hand. Let that sink
in. A tenth. It didn't fall apart. It in. A tenth. It didn't fall apart. It in. A tenth. It didn't fall apart. It
didn't turn into a giant pile of slots. didn't turn into a giant pile of slots. didn't turn into a giant pile of slots.
How is that even possible? What makes How is that even possible? What makes How is that even possible? What makes
this possible is control. and the this possible is control. and the this possible is control. and the
discipline that makes this possible. discipline that makes this possible. discipline that makes this possible.
They're calling it harness engineering. They're calling it harness engineering. They're calling it harness engineering.
In this video, I'll go over there are 12 In this video, I'll go over there are 12 In this video, I'll go over there are 12
rules of harness engineering with you. rules of harness engineering with you. rules of harness engineering with you.
Rule number one, humans steer, agents Rule number one, humans steer, agents Rule number one, humans steer, agents
execute. The engineer's job is no longer execute. The engineer's job is no longer execute. The engineer's job is no longer
to type the code. It's to design the to type the code. It's to design the to type the code. It's to design the
environment, specify the intent, and environment, specify the intent, and environment, specify the intent, and
build the feedback loops. Rule number build the feedback loops. Rule number build the feedback loops. Rule number
two, give your agent a map, not a two, give your agent a map, not a two, give your agent a map, not a
manual. Open AAI tried using one giant manual. Open AAI tried using one giant manual. Open AAI tried using one giant
instruction file. It failed. And that's instruction file. It failed. And that's instruction file. It failed. And that's
cuz when everything is important, cuz when everything is important, cuz when everything is important,
nothing is. When it comes to context, nothing is. When it comes to context, nothing is. When it comes to context,
what you show the system is as important what you show the system is as important what you show the system is as important
as what you leave out. And so, a as what you leave out. And so, a as what you leave out. And so, a
thousandpage manual crowds out the thousandpage manual crowds out the thousandpage manual crowds out the
actual task. The better way is to write actual task. The better way is to write actual task. The better way is to write
a smaller table of contents that points a smaller table of contents that points a smaller table of contents that points
to deeper sources of truth. Rule three, to deeper sources of truth. Rule three, to deeper sources of truth. Rule three,
if the agent can't access it in context if the agent can't access it in context if the agent can't access it in context
while running, it doesn't exist. That while running, it doesn't exist. That while running, it doesn't exist. That
Slack thread where you aligned on the Slack thread where you aligned on the Slack thread where you aligned on the
architecture, invisible. A Google doc architecture, invisible. A Google doc architecture, invisible. A Google doc
with the product spec, poof, gone. The with the product spec, poof, gone. The with the product spec, poof, gone. The
stuff in your head might as well be on stuff in your head might as well be on stuff in your head might as well be on
the moon. Rule number four, optimize for the moon. Rule number four, optimize for the moon. Rule number four, optimize for
agent legibility, not human aesthetics. agent legibility, not human aesthetics. agent legibility, not human aesthetics.
The code doesn't need to look pretty to The code doesn't need to look pretty to The code doesn't need to look pretty to
you. It needs to be correct, you. It needs to be correct, you. It needs to be correct,
maintainable, and legible to the next maintainable, and legible to the next maintainable, and legible to the next
agent run. Rule number five, enforce agent run. Rule number five, enforce agent run. Rule number five, enforce
boundaries centrally. Allow autonomy boundaries centrally. Allow autonomy boundaries centrally. Allow autonomy
locally. Rule six, make the application locally. Rule six, make the application locally. Rule six, make the application
itself legible to agents. Rule seven, itself legible to agents. Rule seven, itself legible to agents. Rule seven,
treat plans as first class artifacts. treat plans as first class artifacts. treat plans as first class artifacts.
Rule eight, what's irresponsible in a Rule eight, what's irresponsible in a Rule eight, what's irresponsible in a
low throughput environment might be just low throughput environment might be just low throughput environment might be just
the ticket when you're dealing with high the ticket when you're dealing with high the ticket when you're dealing with high
throughput. And here, corrections are throughput. And here, corrections are throughput. And here, corrections are
cheap. Waiting is expensive. Rule nine, cheap. Waiting is expensive. Rule nine, cheap. Waiting is expensive. Rule nine,
continuous garbage collection over continuous garbage collection over continuous garbage collection over
periodic cleanup. Their team used to periodic cleanup. Their team used to periodic cleanup. Their team used to
spend every Friday. Every Friday. Every spend every Friday. Every Friday. Every spend every Friday. Every Friday. Every
Friday. Cleaning up AI slop. That's a Friday. Cleaning up AI slop. That's a Friday. Cleaning up AI slop. That's a
lot of time. That's 20% of the entire lot of time. That's 20% of the entire lot of time. That's 20% of the entire
week cleaning up AI slop. It doesn't week cleaning up AI slop. It doesn't week cleaning up AI slop. It doesn't
scale. Or rather, it does scale in the scale. Or rather, it does scale in the scale. Or rather, it does scale in the
bad way. Rule 10. Your taste is bad way. Rule 10. Your taste is bad way. Rule 10. Your taste is
worthless if it only lives in your head. worthless if it only lives in your head. worthless if it only lives in your head.
Encode it or lose it. Rule 11. Favor Encode it or lose it. Rule 11. Favor Encode it or lose it. Rule 11. Favor
boring composable technologies. boring composable technologies. boring composable technologies.
technologies that are stable, well technologies that are stable, well technologies that are stable, well
doumented, and well represented in doumented, and well represented in doumented, and well represented in
training data are easier for agents to training data are easier for agents to training data are easier for agents to
model. Rule 12, escalate only when model. Rule 12, escalate only when model. Rule 12, escalate only when
judgment is required. Humans enter only judgment is required. Humans enter only judgment is required. Humans enter only
at the layer where prioritization, user at the layer where prioritization, user at the layer where prioritization, user
feedback, and outcome validation demand feedback, and outcome validation demand feedback, and outcome validation demand
actual judgment. Everything else, let actual judgment. Everything else, let actual judgment. Everything else, let
the agent cook. So there you go. 12 the agent cook. So there you go. 12 the agent cook. So there you go. 12
rules. Every single one is about making rules. Every single one is about making rules. Every single one is about making
the environment that the agent works in the environment that the agent works in the environment that the agent works in
clearer, stricter, and more legible. The clearer, stricter, and more legible. The clearer, stricter, and more legible. The
rigor doesn't disappear. It moves from rigor doesn't disappear. It moves from rigor doesn't disappear. It moves from
typing the code to designing the typing the code to designing the typing the code to designing the
scaffolding. I'm Cassie Kazerov and this scaffolding. I'm Cassie Kazerov and this scaffolding. I'm Cassie Kazerov and this
is AI advice from anywhere. And today's is AI advice from anywhere. And today's is AI advice from anywhere. And today's
anywhere is clearly somewhere with a lot anywhere is clearly somewhere with a lot anywhere is clearly somewhere with a lot
of cacti and that is Scottsdale, of cacti and that is Scottsdale, of cacti and that is Scottsdale,
Arizona. If you enjoyed this video, Arizona. If you enjoyed this video, Arizona. If you enjoyed this video,
please do share it with someone, leave a please do share it with someone, leave a please do share it with someone, leave a
comment, subscribe to my newsletter at comment, subscribe to my newsletter at comment, subscribe to my newsletter at
decision.substack.com substack.com and decision.substack.com substack.com and decision.substack.com substack.com and
I'll catch you here next 