All right. Okay, my people. Today I want All right. Okay, my people. Today I want
to talk to you about agent harnesses and to talk to you about agent harnesses and to talk to you about agent harnesses and
agent engineering. Hugo bound Anderson agent engineering. Hugo bound Anderson agent engineering. Hugo bound Anderson
here from Vanishing Gradients and the here from Vanishing Gradients and the here from Vanishing Gradients and the
High Signal podcast. I recently did a High Signal podcast. I recently did a High Signal podcast. I recently did a
podcast on agent harnesses, the bitter podcast on agent harnesses, the bitter podcast on agent harnesses, the bitter
lesson, and more with Lance Martin from lesson, and more with Lance Martin from lesson, and more with Lance Martin from
Langchain and Duncan Gilchrist from Langchain and Duncan Gilchrist from Langchain and Duncan Gilchrist from
Delphina. The link to the podcast and Delphina. The link to the podcast and Delphina. The link to the podcast and
the blog post is in the description, but the blog post is in the description, but the blog post is in the description, but
I recorded this short presentation for I recorded this short presentation for I recorded this short presentation for
those who don't have 60 minutes to those who don't have 60 minutes to those who don't have 60 minutes to
listen to the whole thing. Firstly, listen to the whole thing. Firstly, listen to the whole thing. Firstly,
we're entering a new era in AI we're entering a new era in AI we're entering a new era in AI
engineering. There's been architectural engineering. There's been architectural engineering. There's been architectural
consolidation from CNN's and RNN's to consolidation from CNN's and RNN's to consolidation from CNN's and RNN's to
the transformer architecture which has the transformer architecture which has the transformer architecture which has
become totally dominant. Instead of become totally dominant. Instead of become totally dominant. Instead of
training models, now we're using model training models, now we're using model training models, now we're using model
APIs which has been a democratizing APIs which has been a democratizing APIs which has been a democratizing
force for building and orchestrating force for building and orchestrating force for building and orchestrating
these types of systems. And now we have these types of systems. And now we have these types of systems. And now we have
a shift to an engineering focus. It's a a shift to an engineering focus. It's a a shift to an engineering focus. It's a
higher level of abstraction for higher level of abstraction for higher level of abstraction for
builders. This new reality has given builders. This new reality has given builders. This new reality has given
rise to a new set of engineering rise to a new set of engineering rise to a new set of engineering
disciplines focused on orchestration, disciplines focused on orchestration, disciplines focused on orchestration,
prompt engineering, context engineering, prompt engineering, context engineering, prompt engineering, context engineering,
building agents on top of these powerful building agents on top of these powerful building agents on top of these powerful
new primitives. That does not mean we new primitives. That does not mean we new primitives. That does not mean we
should forget about classic ML should forget about classic ML should forget about classic ML
principles. Simplicity remains principles. Simplicity remains principles. Simplicity remains
essential. Start out with thoughtful essential. Start out with thoughtful essential. Start out with thoughtful
prompt engineering and structured prompt engineering and structured prompt engineering and structured
workflows. Observability and evaluation workflows. Observability and evaluation workflows. Observability and evaluation
aren't only still important, they're aren't only still important, they're aren't only still important, they're
even more important now. And always keep even more important now. And always keep even more important now. And always keep
verifiers law in mind. Establishing verifiers law in mind. Establishing verifiers law in mind. Establishing
clear verification criteria is a clear verification criteria is a clear verification criteria is a
foundational prerequisite for achieving foundational prerequisite for achieving foundational prerequisite for achieving
high quality and a necessary step before high quality and a necessary step before high quality and a necessary step before
attempting more advanced techniques. The attempting more advanced techniques. The attempting more advanced techniques. The
agent harness is of supreme importance. agent harness is of supreme importance. agent harness is of supreme importance.
This is the scaffolding around the LLM This is the scaffolding around the LLM This is the scaffolding around the LLM
that manages tool execution, message that manages tool execution, message that manages tool execution, message
history, and context. However, as models history, and context. However, as models history, and context. However, as models
improve, this harness must be improve, this harness must be improve, this harness must be
continually simplified, stripping away continually simplified, stripping away continually simplified, stripping away
crutches that are no longer needed. In crutches that are no longer needed. In crutches that are no longer needed. In
the podcast, Lance reminded us that the podcast, Lance reminded us that the podcast, Lance reminded us that
Manis has rearchitected its agent Manis has rearchitected its agent Manis has rearchitected its agent
harness five times since March last year harness five times since March last year harness five times since March last year
and Lang Chain's Open Deep Research was and Lang Chain's Open Deep Research was and Lang Chain's Open Deep Research was
built multiple times. On top of that, built multiple times. On top of that, built multiple times. On top of that,
even Anthropic rips out Claude codes even Anthropic rips out Claude codes even Anthropic rips out Claude codes
agent harness as models improve. Now, agent harness as models improve. Now, agent harness as models improve. Now,
when building these types of systems, when building these types of systems, when building these types of systems,
you need to remember that context rot is you need to remember that context rot is you need to remember that context rot is
a real issue. Instruction following a real issue. Instruction following a real issue. Instruction following
ability diminishes as the context grows. ability diminishes as the context grows. ability diminishes as the context grows.
So, we need to engineer the context. The So, we need to engineer the context. The So, we need to engineer the context. The
first principle Lance tells us about is first principle Lance tells us about is first principle Lance tells us about is
reduction. Actively shrink the context reduction. Actively shrink the context reduction. Actively shrink the context
passed to the model. You can do this by passed to the model. You can do this by passed to the model. You can do this by
compacting older tool calls or using compacting older tool calls or using compacting older tool calls or using
trajectory summarization to compress the trajectory summarization to compress the trajectory summarization to compress the
entire history once it reaches a certain entire history once it reaches a certain entire history once it reaches a certain
size. The next principle is offload. size. The next principle is offload. size. The next principle is offload.
Move information and complexity out of Move information and complexity out of Move information and complexity out of
the prompt. This includes saving full the prompt. This includes saving full the prompt. This includes saving full
tool call results to an external file tool call results to an external file tool call results to an external file
system for later reference. More system for later reference. More system for later reference. More
profoundly, it means offloading the profoundly, it means offloading the profoundly, it means offloading the
action space. So instead of giving an action space. So instead of giving an action space. So instead of giving an
agent a 100 different tools which bloat agent a 100 different tools which bloat agent a 100 different tools which bloat
the prompt, give it a few atomic tools the prompt, give it a few atomic tools the prompt, give it a few atomic tools
like a bash terminal. This allows the like a bash terminal. This allows the like a bash terminal. This allows the
agent to execute a vast range of agent to execute a vast range of agent to execute a vast range of
commands without cluttering the context. commands without cluttering the context. commands without cluttering the context.
The third principle is isolate, isolate, The third principle is isolate, isolate, The third principle is isolate, isolate,
isolate. You can leverage multi- aent isolate. You can leverage multi- aent isolate. You can leverage multi- aent
architectures to delegate tokenheavy architectures to delegate tokenheavy architectures to delegate tokenheavy
subtasks. For example, a main agent can subtasks. For example, a main agent can subtasks. For example, a main agent can
offload a complex job to a specialized offload a complex job to a specialized offload a complex job to a specialized
sub agent uh which performs the work in sub agent uh which performs the work in sub agent uh which performs the work in
its own isolated context and returns its own isolated context and returns its own isolated context and returns
only a concise result. Also we have to only a concise result. Also we have to only a concise result. Also we have to
remember that evaluation practices are remember that evaluation practices are remember that evaluation practices are
also evolving rapidly. Static benchmarks also evolving rapidly. Static benchmarks also evolving rapidly. Static benchmarks
have become saturated so quickly. So have become saturated so quickly. So have become saturated so quickly. So
please always think about dog fooding please always think about dog fooding please always think about dog fooding
and user feedback component level and user feedback component level and user feedback component level
evaluations. So for example, evaluate evaluations. So for example, evaluate evaluations. So for example, evaluate
your retrieval step in a rag pipeline, your retrieval step in a rag pipeline, your retrieval step in a rag pipeline,
not only the generative response and not only the generative response and not only the generative response and
then think about future proofing. Take then think about future proofing. Take then think about future proofing. Take
it very seriously. Test your system it very seriously. Test your system it very seriously. Test your system
against models of varying capabilities. against models of varying capabilities. against models of varying capabilities.
Now, I wouldn't be doing my job if I Now, I wouldn't be doing my job if I Now, I wouldn't be doing my job if I
didn't remind you of the difference didn't remind you of the difference didn't remind you of the difference
between workflows and agents. Workflows between workflows and agents. Workflows between workflows and agents. Workflows
are systems with predefined predictable are systems with predefined predictable are systems with predefined predictable
steps. And an LLM call can be one step steps. And an LLM call can be one step steps. And an LLM call can be one step
in a fixed sequence. So, this is ideal in a fixed sequence. So, this is ideal in a fixed sequence. So, this is ideal
for tasks with a known structure. And for tasks with a known structure. And for tasks with a known structure. And
most tasks are like this. Agents are most tasks are like this. Agents are most tasks are like this. Agents are
systems where the LLM dynamically systems where the LLM dynamically systems where the LLM dynamically
chooses its own tool calls and processes chooses its own tool calls and processes chooses its own tool calls and processes
to solve a problem. And this is to solve a problem. And this is to solve a problem. And this is
important in areas such as deep important in areas such as deep important in areas such as deep
research. But most business problems can research. But most business problems can research. But most business problems can
be solved using workflows. Let me be be solved using workflows. Let me be be solved using workflows. Let me be
very clear. Just remember this isn't a very clear. Just remember this isn't a very clear. Just remember this isn't a
binary choice but a spectrum. You binary choice but a spectrum. You binary choice but a spectrum. You
introduce agency as you build out your introduce agency as you build out your introduce agency as you build out your
systems. Now what are the key takeaways systems. Now what are the key takeaways systems. Now what are the key takeaways
for leaders? Start simple. Exhaust for leaders? Start simple. Exhaust for leaders? Start simple. Exhaust
prompt engineering and simple workflows prompt engineering and simple workflows prompt engineering and simple workflows
before moving on to agents. Also build before moving on to agents. Also build before moving on to agents. Also build
for change. Accept that the bitter for change. Accept that the bitter for change. Accept that the bitter
lesson is real. What you build today lesson is real. What you build today lesson is real. What you build today
will need to be rearchitected as models will need to be rearchitected as models will need to be rearchitected as models
improve. Also, do not fear rebuilding. improve. Also, do not fear rebuilding. improve. Also, do not fear rebuilding.
The cost and time required to rebuild The cost and time required to rebuild The cost and time required to rebuild
systems are dramatically lower now uh systems are dramatically lower now uh systems are dramatically lower now uh
thanks to powerful code generation thanks to powerful code generation thanks to powerful code generation
models. If you want to check out the models. If you want to check out the models. If you want to check out the
podcast or the blog post, links are in podcast or the blog post, links are in podcast or the blog post, links are in
the show notes. If you enjoyed this, the the show notes. If you enjoyed this, the the show notes. If you enjoyed this, the
best way you can support is hit like and best way you can support is hit like and best way you can support is hit like and
subscribe and share it with a friend. subscribe and share it with a friend. subscribe and share it with a friend.
Have a good one. 