Yesterday, Anthropic published a Yesterday, Anthropic published a
fascinating article on harness design fascinating article on harness design fascinating article on harness design
for longrunning agents. And there are for longrunning agents. And there are for longrunning agents. And there are
some interesting insights and honest some interesting insights and honest some interesting insights and honest
admissions from the team that really can admissions from the team that really can admissions from the team that really can
help us all when we're building help us all when we're building help us all when we're building
specialized agent systems. In the post, specialized agent systems. In the post, specialized agent systems. In the post,
they demonstrated how they built a 2D they demonstrated how they built a 2D they demonstrated how they built a 2D
retro game engine over a 6-hour retro game engine over a 6-hour retro game engine over a 6-hour
autonomous coding session. And they also autonomous coding session. And they also autonomous coding session. And they also
built a digital audio workstation in built a digital audio workstation in built a digital audio workstation in
browser over a 4-hour period. And while browser over a 4-hour period. And while browser over a 4-hour period. And while
these examples of long-running these examples of long-running these examples of long-running
autonomous agents are specific to autonomous agents are specific to autonomous agents are specific to
coding, these principles apply to all coding, these principles apply to all coding, these principles apply to all
types of specialized agent systems like types of specialized agent systems like types of specialized agent systems like
compliance audits, risk analysis, compliance audits, risk analysis, compliance audits, risk analysis,
content pipelines, and impact content pipelines, and impact content pipelines, and impact
assessments. Last week, I published a assessments. Last week, I published a assessments. Last week, I published a
video on this channel where I built a video on this channel where I built a video on this channel where I built a
specialized agent harness into a custom specialized agent harness into a custom specialized agent harness into a custom
Python and React app. And a custom Python and React app. And a custom Python and React app. And a custom
harness like this could definitely be harness like this could definitely be harness like this could definitely be
improved with some of the insights from improved with some of the insights from improved with some of the insights from
Antropics blog post. And if you're not Antropics blog post. And if you're not Antropics blog post. And if you're not
really sure what a harness is, it's really sure what a harness is, it's really sure what a harness is, it's
essentially just the software and essentially just the software and essentially just the software and
structure that wraps an AI model to keep structure that wraps an AI model to keep structure that wraps an AI model to keep
it on track. It's essentially an it on track. It's essentially an it on track. It's essentially an
orchestration layer that includes the orchestration layer that includes the orchestration layer that includes the
prompts, the tools, the feedback loops, prompts, the tools, the feedback loops, prompts, the tools, the feedback loops,
the constraints, the validation. So it's the constraints, the validation. So it's the constraints, the validation. So it's
everything around the model that turns everything around the model that turns everything around the model that turns
it into a reliable system. One analogy it into a reliable system. One analogy it into a reliable system. One analogy
for an agent harness is that of a car for an agent harness is that of a car for an agent harness is that of a car
where the model is the engine and the where the model is the engine and the where the model is the engine and the
car itself is the harness. So without car itself is the harness. So without car itself is the harness. So without
the car, the engine just sits there the car, the engine just sits there the car, the engine just sits there
revving and you're not really getting revving and you're not really getting revving and you're not really getting
anywhere. While actually a better anywhere. While actually a better anywhere. While actually a better
analogy is that of a horse and an actual analogy is that of a horse and an actual analogy is that of a horse and an actual
harness. A wild horse has raw power, but harness. A wild horse has raw power, but harness. A wild horse has raw power, but
it'll go wherever it wants. While the it'll go wherever it wants. While the it'll go wherever it wants. While the
harness allows you to control the power, harness allows you to control the power, harness allows you to control the power,
set it in a direction and get where you set it in a direction and get where you set it in a direction and get where you
want to go. And one of the key insights want to go. And one of the key insights want to go. And one of the key insights
from this post is that for longunning from this post is that for longunning from this post is that for longunning
complex tasks, the harness design is as complex tasks, the harness design is as complex tasks, the harness design is as
important as the model itself. important as the model itself. important as the model itself.
Yesterday's article builds on their Yesterday's article builds on their Yesterday's article builds on their
previous post from last November, which previous post from last November, which previous post from last November, which
talks about effective harnesses for talks about effective harnesses for talks about effective harnesses for
longunning agents. And this article longunning agents. And this article longunning agents. And this article
tackles the fundamental problem that the tackles the fundamental problem that the tackles the fundamental problem that the
entire industry is trying to solve, entire industry is trying to solve, entire industry is trying to solve,
which is how do you give an AI agent a which is how do you give an AI agent a which is how do you give an AI agent a
complex goal and let it work away over complex goal and let it work away over complex goal and let it work away over
hours or even days to achieve that. And hours or even days to achieve that. And hours or even days to achieve that. And
this is where real value can be created. this is where real value can be created. this is where real value can be created.
So from a dev perspective, it could be So from a dev perspective, it could be So from a dev perspective, it could be
oneshotting a large feature or even an oneshotting a large feature or even an oneshotting a large feature or even an
app itself. But in other industries, it app itself. But in other industries, it app itself. But in other industries, it
could be a case of carrying out could be a case of carrying out could be a case of carrying out
compliance audits that would normally compliance audits that would normally compliance audits that would normally
take a full month worth of effort. And take a full month worth of effort. And take a full month worth of effort. And
the problem to be solved without a the problem to be solved without a the problem to be solved without a
harness is that an AI agent might try to harness is that an AI agent might try to harness is that an AI agent might try to
oneshot an entire app build in a single oneshot an entire app build in a single oneshot an entire app build in a single
go. It might run out of context halfway go. It might run out of context halfway go. It might run out of context halfway
through. It might leave work half through. It might leave work half through. It might leave work half
finished and undocumented. Or it might finished and undocumented. Or it might finished and undocumented. Or it might
declare that the job was done early just declare that the job was done early just declare that the job was done early just
to finish up. So Enthropic's original to finish up. So Enthropic's original to finish up. So Enthropic's original
solution was a two-part system. An solution was a two-part system. An solution was a two-part system. An
initializer agent that set up the initializer agent that set up the initializer agent that set up the
environment and broke the project into environment and broke the project into environment and broke the project into
features. It then created a progress features. It then created a progress features. It then created a progress
tracking file and then a coding agent tracking file and then a coding agent tracking file and then a coding agent
worked one feature at a time committing worked one feature at a time committing worked one feature at a time committing
to git after each chunk and then it to git after each chunk and then it to git after each chunk and then it
would leave clear artifacts for the next would leave clear artifacts for the next would leave clear artifacts for the next
coding agent to take over. So that way coding agent to take over. So that way coding agent to take over. So that way
you're decomposing the work, you're you're decomposing the work, you're you're decomposing the work, you're
making incremental progress and you're making incremental progress and you're making incremental progress and you're
handing off context cleanly. And it's handing off context cleanly. And it's handing off context cleanly. And it's
fair to say that anthropic were not the fair to say that anthropic were not the fair to say that anthropic were not the
first to come up with this idea of long first to come up with this idea of long first to come up with this idea of long
running agent harnesses. Jeffrey Huntley running agent harnesses. Jeffrey Huntley running agent harnesses. Jeffrey Huntley
came up with the Ralph Wigum loop a few came up with the Ralph Wigum loop a few came up with the Ralph Wigum loop a few
months before which essentially allows months before which essentially allows months before which essentially allows
you to run an agent within a loop and to you to run an agent within a loop and to you to run an agent within a loop and to
check the output against something that check the output against something that check the output against something that
can't actually lie. So that could be a can't actually lie. So that could be a can't actually lie. So that could be a
llinter or a type checker and it llinter or a type checker and it llinter or a type checker and it
essentially keeps the loop progressing essentially keeps the loop progressing essentially keeps the loop progressing
until it's done. So having these until it's done. So having these until it's done. So having these
explicit stop conditions means that you explicit stop conditions means that you explicit stop conditions means that you
can loop over and over with an agent to can loop over and over with an agent to can loop over and over with an agent to
really make sure that it's actually really make sure that it's actually really make sure that it's actually
finished the job. And then that gets finished the job. And then that gets finished the job. And then that gets
more powerful if you bundle it with the more powerful if you bundle it with the more powerful if you bundle it with the
likes of specd driven development. So likes of specd driven development. So likes of specd driven development. So
frameworks like BMAD or SpecKit or frameworks like BMAD or SpecKit or frameworks like BMAD or SpecKit or
OpenSpec allow you to create structured OpenSpec allow you to create structured OpenSpec allow you to create structured
requirements before the actual dev requirements before the actual dev requirements before the actual dev
begins and that way the agent isn't begins and that way the agent isn't begins and that way the agent isn't
looping in isolation. It's working looping in isolation. It's working looping in isolation. It's working
against a predefined plan. So these against a predefined plan. So these against a predefined plan. So these
frameworks solve the problem of an agent frameworks solve the problem of an agent frameworks solve the problem of an agent
under scoping the work to be done. But under scoping the work to be done. But under scoping the work to be done. But
outside of external hard validation, it outside of external hard validation, it outside of external hard validation, it
is the agent that's actually self- is the agent that's actually self- is the agent that's actually self-
evvaluating its work. So against that evvaluating its work. So against that evvaluating its work. So against that
backdrop, even with these approaches of backdrop, even with these approaches of backdrop, even with these approaches of
an agent harness and a Ralph Wiggum an agent harness and a Ralph Wiggum an agent harness and a Ralph Wiggum
loop, Anthropic observed two common loop, Anthropic observed two common loop, Anthropic observed two common
failure modes when agents executed failure modes when agents executed failure modes when agents executed
against these types of tasks. And against these types of tasks. And against these types of tasks. And
interestingly, these failure modes apply interestingly, these failure modes apply interestingly, these failure modes apply
whether you're building an app or you're whether you're building an app or you're whether you're building an app or you're
carrying out more general purpose work carrying out more general purpose work carrying out more general purpose work
like a research pipeline or a content like a research pipeline or a content like a research pipeline or a content
pipeline. And the first is what's known pipeline. And the first is what's known pipeline. And the first is what's known
as context anxiety. As the context as context anxiety. As the context as context anxiety. As the context
window fills up, the models don't just window fills up, the models don't just window fills up, the models don't just
lose coherence, they actually change lose coherence, they actually change lose coherence, they actually change
their behavior. They start wrapping up their behavior. They start wrapping up their behavior. They start wrapping up
the conversation prematurely. They rush the conversation prematurely. They rush the conversation prematurely. They rush
through steps and declare that things through steps and declare that things through steps and declare that things
are done when they're not actually done. are done when they're not actually done. are done when they're not actually done.
And you've probably noticed this And you've probably noticed this And you've probably noticed this
yourself if you're chatting to an LLM in yourself if you're chatting to an LLM in yourself if you're chatting to an LLM in
a single context window over a long time a single context window over a long time a single context window over a long time
period. It eventually gets shorter and period. It eventually gets shorter and period. It eventually gets shorter and
shorter with you. And there is a shorter with you. And there is a shorter with you. And there is a
technique called context compaction technique called context compaction technique called context compaction
where the actual conversational thread where the actual conversational thread where the actual conversational thread
is compacted and summarized to leave is compacted and summarized to leave is compacted and summarized to leave
more room, more space for usable more room, more space for usable more room, more space for usable
context. But Enthropic found that even context. But Enthropic found that even context. But Enthropic found that even
with context compaction, models like with context compaction, models like with context compaction, models like
Sonnet 4.5 still showed context anxiety Sonnet 4.5 still showed context anxiety Sonnet 4.5 still showed context anxiety
and tried to finish early. And the and tried to finish early. And the and tried to finish early. And the
reason for that is you're not starting reason for that is you're not starting reason for that is you're not starting
with a clean slate. And that is why with a clean slate. And that is why with a clean slate. And that is why
their original solution last November their original solution last November their original solution last November
was a context reset. You start with a was a context reset. You start with a was a context reset. You start with a
fresh context window, read the latest fresh context window, read the latest fresh context window, read the latest
feature from the progress file, test feature from the progress file, test feature from the progress file, test
features that were previously built, and features that were previously built, and features that were previously built, and
then build out your specific task. Once then build out your specific task. Once then build out your specific task. Once
you're finished, trigger the structured you're finished, trigger the structured you're finished, trigger the structured
handoff, and then start with the next handoff, and then start with the next handoff, and then start with the next
agent with a clean slate. And as I agent with a clean slate. And as I agent with a clean slate. And as I
mentioned, they found that solid 4.5 mentioned, they found that solid 4.5 mentioned, they found that solid 4.5
exhibited these context anxiety symptoms exhibited these context anxiety symptoms exhibited these context anxiety symptoms
and that's why they built this context and that's why they built this context and that's why they built this context
reset system, whereas Opus 4.5 does not reset system, whereas Opus 4.5 does not reset system, whereas Opus 4.5 does not
have this problem to the same extent. have this problem to the same extent. have this problem to the same extent.
And interestingly, in this blog post, And interestingly, in this blog post, And interestingly, in this blog post,
when they moved to Opus 4.6, they found when they moved to Opus 4.6, they found when they moved to Opus 4.6, they found
they didn't need to context reset at they didn't need to context reset at they didn't need to context reset at
all. They were able to rely on context all. They were able to rely on context all. They were able to rely on context
compaction and not have these anxiety compaction and not have these anxiety compaction and not have these anxiety
symptoms where the LLM was trying to symptoms where the LLM was trying to symptoms where the LLM was trying to
quit early. And what's interesting is quit early. And what's interesting is quit early. And what's interesting is
Anthropic recently brought out Opus 4.6 Anthropic recently brought out Opus 4.6 Anthropic recently brought out Opus 4.6
six with a 1 million token context six with a 1 million token context six with a 1 million token context
window and they claim that the retrieval window and they claim that the retrieval window and they claim that the retrieval
quality generally holds up over the quality generally holds up over the quality generally holds up over the
longer context. However, to be honest, I longer context. However, to be honest, I longer context. However, to be honest, I
would take a bit of a cynical view on would take a bit of a cynical view on would take a bit of a cynical view on
this. It's in Anthropic's best interest this. It's in Anthropic's best interest this. It's in Anthropic's best interest
to process tokens. So, I'm sure they're to process tokens. So, I'm sure they're to process tokens. So, I'm sure they're
delighted if you're sending in a 1 delighted if you're sending in a 1 delighted if you're sending in a 1
million token request every time, even million token request every time, even million token request every time, even
if some of that's going to be cached. if some of that's going to be cached. if some of that's going to be cached.
So, I definitely don't think it's the So, I definitely don't think it's the So, I definitely don't think it's the
end of context resets the way they've end of context resets the way they've end of context resets the way they've
been designed to date. The second been designed to date. The second been designed to date. The second
failure mode is quite interesting, which failure mode is quite interesting, which failure mode is quite interesting, which
is poor self-evaluation. Anthropic is poor self-evaluation. Anthropic is poor self-evaluation. Anthropic
haven't talked about this before, but haven't talked about this before, but haven't talked about this before, but
essentially if you ask an agent to essentially if you ask an agent to essentially if you ask an agent to
evaluate its own work, it's likely going evaluate its own work, it's likely going evaluate its own work, it's likely going
to praise it. And as the engineers said, to praise it. And as the engineers said, to praise it. And as the engineers said,
even if the quality is obviously even if the quality is obviously even if the quality is obviously
mediocre to a human observer. So I think mediocre to a human observer. So I think mediocre to a human observer. So I think
these are some interesting admissions. these are some interesting admissions. these are some interesting admissions.
They talk about how Claude often They talk about how Claude often They talk about how Claude often
produced outputs from a front-end design produced outputs from a front-end design produced outputs from a front-end design
perspective that were bland at best. And perspective that were bland at best. And perspective that were bland at best. And
when they were building this system, when they were building this system, when they were building this system,
they penalized highly generic AI slop they penalized highly generic AI slop they penalized highly generic AI slop
patterns. And this idea of patterns. And this idea of patterns. And this idea of
self-evaluation is a tricky subject self-evaluation is a tricky subject self-evaluation is a tricky subject
because it's different for subjective because it's different for subjective because it's different for subjective
versus objective tasks. In this article, versus objective tasks. In this article, versus objective tasks. In this article,
they were focused on front-end design they were focused on front-end design they were focused on front-end design
trying to make subjective quality trying to make subjective quality trying to make subjective quality
gradable. And that's the real challenge gradable. And that's the real challenge gradable. And that's the real challenge
for even nonAI coding based use cases. for even nonAI coding based use cases. for even nonAI coding based use cases.
How can you evaluate the quality of the How can you evaluate the quality of the How can you evaluate the quality of the
writing style of an AI or the visual writing style of an AI or the visual writing style of an AI or the visual
design of a graphic or the design of a graphic or the design of a graphic or the
professionalism of a legal analysis for professionalism of a legal analysis for professionalism of a legal analysis for
example? And I think that's why AI example? And I think that's why AI example? And I think that's why AI
coding use cases have taken off so much coding use cases have taken off so much coding use cases have taken off so much
in the last 12 months. But because you in the last 12 months. But because you in the last 12 months. But because you
have verifiable outputs where you can have verifiable outputs where you can have verifiable outputs where you can
run lint checkers, you can run type run lint checkers, you can run type run lint checkers, you can run type
checkers, regression tests, browser checkers, regression tests, browser checkers, regression tests, browser
tests, and essentially the AI can tests, and essentially the AI can tests, and essentially the AI can
iterate on its own output. So this idea iterate on its own output. So this idea iterate on its own output. So this idea
of making subjective qualities gradable of making subjective qualities gradable of making subjective qualities gradable
means that an AI can actually evaluate means that an AI can actually evaluate means that an AI can actually evaluate
them in a more objective way. Which then them in a more objective way. Which then them in a more objective way. Which then
leads us to the main solution that leads us to the main solution that leads us to the main solution that
Entropic came to in this post which is Entropic came to in this post which is Entropic came to in this post which is
the idea of adversarial evaluation. So the idea of adversarial evaluation. So the idea of adversarial evaluation. So
inspired by GAN networks where you would inspired by GAN networks where you would inspired by GAN networks where you would
have a generator and a discriminator have a generator and a discriminator have a generator and a discriminator
here we have a generator agent which here we have a generator agent which here we have a generator agent which
creates the code creates the content and creates the code creates the content and creates the code creates the content and
you would have an evaluator agent whose you would have an evaluator agent whose you would have an evaluator agent whose
job it is to judge the work and then job it is to judge the work and then job it is to judge the work and then
ideally graded so that it's somewhat ideally graded so that it's somewhat ideally graded so that it's somewhat
objective and then they can send back objective and then they can send back objective and then they can send back
that feedback to the main agent. And that feedback to the main agent. And that feedback to the main agent. And
like a GAN network, the idea here is the like a GAN network, the idea here is the like a GAN network, the idea here is the
tension between these agents should tension between these agents should tension between these agents should
improve the quality. And they found that improve the quality. And they found that improve the quality. And they found that
it was far harder in isolation to get it was far harder in isolation to get it was far harder in isolation to get
the likes of a generator agent to be the likes of a generator agent to be the likes of a generator agent to be
more skeptical about the work that they more skeptical about the work that they more skeptical about the work that they
just created versus having a dedicated just created versus having a dedicated just created versus having a dedicated
QA or evaluator agent whose system QA or evaluator agent whose system QA or evaluator agent whose system
prompt is dedicated to being skeptical prompt is dedicated to being skeptical prompt is dedicated to being skeptical
about the work that it was just handed. about the work that it was just handed. about the work that it was just handed.
And then once the generator agent has And then once the generator agent has And then once the generator agent has
provided the feedback from the provided the feedback from the provided the feedback from the
evaluator, it has something concrete to evaluator, it has something concrete to evaluator, it has something concrete to
then iterate on. So I know what you're then iterate on. So I know what you're then iterate on. So I know what you're
thinking. This is absolutely not new. thinking. This is absolutely not new. thinking. This is absolutely not new.
Multi- aent systems have existed for Multi- aent systems have existed for Multi- aent systems have existed for
years now at this point. And the idea of years now at this point. And the idea of years now at this point. And the idea of
an evaluator agent is no different to an evaluator agent is no different to an evaluator agent is no different to
LLM as a judge, for example. But I think LLM as a judge, for example. But I think LLM as a judge, for example. But I think
the difference here is you essentially the difference here is you essentially the difference here is you essentially
have an evaluator wired into a have an evaluator wired into a have an evaluator wired into a
production loop rather than used as an production loop rather than used as an production loop rather than used as an
ad hoc evaluation tool, let's say. And ad hoc evaluation tool, let's say. And ad hoc evaluation tool, let's say. And
from looking at the blog post, it really from looking at the blog post, it really from looking at the blog post, it really
wasn't plain sailing. And another wasn't plain sailing. And another wasn't plain sailing. And another
interesting admission, out of the box, interesting admission, out of the box, interesting admission, out of the box,
Claude is a poor QA agent. And they talk Claude is a poor QA agent. And they talk Claude is a poor QA agent. And they talk
about how in early runs, Claude about how in early runs, Claude about how in early runs, Claude
identified legitimate issues and then identified legitimate issues and then identified legitimate issues and then
talked itself into deciding they weren't talked itself into deciding they weren't talked itself into deciding they weren't
a big deal and approved the work anyway. a big deal and approved the work anyway. a big deal and approved the work anyway.
And how it also tended to test And how it also tended to test And how it also tended to test
superficially rather than probing edge superficially rather than probing edge superficially rather than probing edge
cases. So more subtle bugs often slipped cases. So more subtle bugs often slipped cases. So more subtle bugs often slipped
through. So the evaluator agent took through. So the evaluator agent took through. So the evaluator agent took
multiple rounds of iteration and multiple rounds of iteration and multiple rounds of iteration and
refinement. It really wasn't a refinement. It really wasn't a refinement. It really wasn't a
plug-and-play solution. And having gone plug-and-play solution. And having gone plug-and-play solution. And having gone
through that experience, they found that through that experience, they found that through that experience, they found that
there was three things that were there was three things that were there was three things that were
required to really make an evaluator required to really make an evaluator required to really make an evaluator
agent work. And the first one I've agent work. And the first one I've agent work. And the first one I've
already touched on which is the idea of already touched on which is the idea of already touched on which is the idea of
making subjective quality gradable from making subjective quality gradable from making subjective quality gradable from
a front-end design perspective as a front-end design perspective as a front-end design perspective as
opposed to just asking is this design opposed to just asking is this design opposed to just asking is this design
beautiful instead it's does this follow beautiful instead it's does this follow beautiful instead it's does this follow
our principles for good design and then our principles for good design and then our principles for good design and then
they define the principles. So the they define the principles. So the they define the principles. So the
grading criteria they created one was on grading criteria they created one was on grading criteria they created one was on
design quality another on originality to design quality another on originality to design quality another on originality to
avoid the AI slop another on craft which avoid the AI slop another on craft which avoid the AI slop another on craft which
is technical execution and another on is technical execution and another on is technical execution and another on
functionality. The second learning was functionality. The second learning was functionality. The second learning was
the need to weight the criteria towards the need to weight the criteria towards the need to weight the criteria towards
the model's capabilities as they found the model's capabilities as they found the model's capabilities as they found
that Opus scored well on two out of that Opus scored well on two out of that Opus scored well on two out of
those four criterias but struggled on those four criterias but struggled on those four criterias but struggled on
the other two and through iteration they the other two and through iteration they the other two and through iteration they
ended up weighting that criteria heavier ended up weighting that criteria heavier ended up weighting that criteria heavier
to avoid AI slot patterns. And the third to avoid AI slot patterns. And the third to avoid AI slot patterns. And the third
learning was that you have to let the learning was that you have to let the learning was that you have to let the
evaluator interact with the output. So evaluator interact with the output. So evaluator interact with the output. So
they use the playride MCP so that the they use the playride MCP so that the they use the playride MCP so that the
evaluator has tools it can use to evaluator has tools it can use to evaluator has tools it can use to
actually navigate the app, screenshot it actually navigate the app, screenshot it actually navigate the app, screenshot it
and test it like a real user. And that's and test it like a real user. And that's and test it like a real user. And that's
not to say there's not still room for not to say there's not still room for not to say there's not still room for
more deterministic testing. In my last more deterministic testing. In my last more deterministic testing. In my last
video, I talked about how Stripe created video, I talked about how Stripe created video, I talked about how Stripe created
their concept of minions where each code their concept of minions where each code their concept of minions where each code
change results in testing against a change results in testing against a change results in testing against a
subset of their 3 million tests in their subset of their 3 million tests in their subset of their 3 million tests in their
test suite. That's not being prompted by test suite. That's not being prompted by test suite. That's not being prompted by
an evaluator agent that is hard baked, an evaluator agent that is hard baked, an evaluator agent that is hard baked,
hardcoded into their deployment system. hardcoded into their deployment system. hardcoded into their deployment system.
So within the case study, they carried So within the case study, they carried So within the case study, they carried
out three experiments. The first one was out three experiments. The first one was out three experiments. The first one was
on front-end design where they prompted on front-end design where they prompted on front-end design where they prompted
the model to create a website for a the model to create a website for a the model to create a website for a
Dutch art museum. And as you can see Dutch art museum. And as you can see Dutch art museum. And as you can see
here, these are some of the earlier here, these are some of the earlier here, these are some of the earlier
iterations and after 10 rounds of iterations and after 10 rounds of iterations and after 10 rounds of
feedback, they ended up with something feedback, they ended up with something feedback, they ended up with something
that was completely unique, which is that was completely unique, which is that was completely unique, which is
essentially a 3D room with a checkered essentially a 3D room with a checkered essentially a 3D room with a checkered
floor. And they talked about how that floor. And they talked about how that floor. And they talked about how that
was kind of a creative leap that they was kind of a creative leap that they was kind of a creative leap that they
hadn't seen before from a single past hadn't seen before from a single past hadn't seen before from a single past
generation, which is interesting when it generation, which is interesting when it generation, which is interesting when it
comes to iterating on something that is comes to iterating on something that is comes to iterating on something that is
so subjective like front-end design. So, so subjective like front-end design. So, so subjective like front-end design. So,
this is what that design harness looked this is what that design harness looked this is what that design harness looked
like. It was essentially a single kind like. It was essentially a single kind like. It was essentially a single kind
of one-s sentence prompt and then that of one-s sentence prompt and then that of one-s sentence prompt and then that
went to a generator agent which created went to a generator agent which created went to a generator agent which created
HTML, CSS, JavaScript, goes to the HTML, CSS, JavaScript, goes to the HTML, CSS, JavaScript, goes to the
evaluator agent who has the ability to evaluator agent who has the ability to evaluator agent who has the ability to
interact with it via Playright MCP and interact with it via Playright MCP and interact with it via Playright MCP and
then between 5 to 15 iterations of then between 5 to 15 iterations of then between 5 to 15 iterations of
feedback, you end up with your finished feedback, you end up with your finished feedback, you end up with your finished
product. And obviously all of these product. And obviously all of these product. And obviously all of these
harnesses were built on the clawed agent harnesses were built on the clawed agent harnesses were built on the clawed agent
SDK. But that's not to say that you SDK. But that's not to say that you SDK. But that's not to say that you
can't use the learnings of how you can't use the learnings of how you can't use the learnings of how you
create these effective harnesses and create these effective harnesses and create these effective harnesses and
build them on competitor models or local build them on competitor models or local build them on competitor models or local
open source models. So the second open source models. So the second open source models. So the second
experiment was to scale up to full stack experiment was to scale up to full stack experiment was to scale up to full stack
coding. So here they introduced the coding. So here they introduced the coding. So here they introduced the
planner agent. And the prompt here was planner agent. And the prompt here was planner agent. And the prompt here was
to create a 2D retro game maker with to create a 2D retro game maker with to create a 2D retro game maker with
features including a level editor, features including a level editor, features including a level editor,
sprite editor, entity behaviors, and a sprite editor, entity behaviors, and a sprite editor, entity behaviors, and a
playable test mode. And they ran this playable test mode. And they ran this playable test mode. And they ran this
twice. One with the solo harness and twice. One with the solo harness and twice. One with the solo harness and
another with the full harness of the another with the full harness of the another with the full harness of the
planner, generator, and evaluator. planner, generator, and evaluator. planner, generator, and evaluator.
obviously a lot more expensive and a lot obviously a lot more expensive and a lot obviously a lot more expensive and a lot
longer to run the full harness, but they longer to run the full harness, but they longer to run the full harness, but they
found that from the solo run, which was found that from the solo run, which was found that from the solo run, which was
a lot cheaper and faster, the game a lot cheaper and faster, the game a lot cheaper and faster, the game
basically didn't really work. You know, basically didn't really work. You know, basically didn't really work. You know,
it looked okay, but it was not actually it looked okay, but it was not actually it looked okay, but it was not actually
playable in any sense. Whereas the game playable in any sense. Whereas the game playable in any sense. Whereas the game
built by the full harness actually was built by the full harness actually was built by the full harness actually was
functional. So, within this version of functional. So, within this version of functional. So, within this version of
the harness that went to the planner the harness that went to the planner the harness that went to the planner
agent, which then dramatically expanded agent, which then dramatically expanded agent, which then dramatically expanded
out the spec, and it split it into out the spec, and it split it into out the spec, and it split it into
sprints. Now, we're using Opus 4.5 here, sprints. Now, we're using Opus 4.5 here, sprints. Now, we're using Opus 4.5 here,
which is important. But within each which is important. But within each which is important. But within each
sprint, there was contract negotiations sprint, there was contract negotiations sprint, there was contract negotiations
between the generator agent and the between the generator agent and the between the generator agent and the
evaluator agent. It was defining the evaluator agent. It was defining the evaluator agent. It was defining the
definition of done up front before it definition of done up front before it definition of done up front before it
actually started building anything. So actually started building anything. So actually started building anything. So
that way, the generator agent couldn't that way, the generator agent couldn't that way, the generator agent couldn't
move the goalpost halfway through the move the goalpost halfway through the move the goalpost halfway through the
build to say, "Ah, it's done." So then build to say, "Ah, it's done." So then build to say, "Ah, it's done." So then
the evaluator agent evaluated once per the evaluator agent evaluated once per the evaluator agent evaluated once per
sprint and then there was a context sprint and then there was a context sprint and then there was a context
reset and a handoff to the next sprint. reset and a handoff to the next sprint. reset and a handoff to the next sprint.
So not having a planner agent would mean So not having a planner agent would mean So not having a planner agent would mean
that you would dramatically underscope that you would dramatically underscope that you would dramatically underscope
the project because you've only sent in the project because you've only sent in the project because you've only sent in
a single sentence of a game that you a single sentence of a game that you a single sentence of a game that you
want built. And without the evaluator want built. And without the evaluator want built. And without the evaluator
agent, the generator would just over agent, the generator would just over agent, the generator would just over
approve all its work and quit early. So approve all its work and quit early. So approve all its work and quit early. So
then during these experiments, Opus 4.6 then during these experiments, Opus 4.6 then during these experiments, Opus 4.6
was released. So they created a second was released. So they created a second was released. So they created a second
version of the harness and they decided version of the harness and they decided version of the harness and they decided
to simplify things because to build to simplify things because to build to simplify things because to build
effective agents, you should always look effective agents, you should always look effective agents, you should always look
to find the simplest solution possible to find the simplest solution possible to find the simplest solution possible
and not actually over complicate or and not actually over complicate or and not actually over complicate or
overengineer it. So they had some trial overengineer it. So they had some trial overengineer it. So they had some trial
and error of trying to simplify the and error of trying to simplify the and error of trying to simplify the
architecture and they ended up with architecture and they ended up with architecture and they ended up with
this. They removed the sprints. They this. They removed the sprints. They this. They removed the sprints. They
removed the contract negotiation. They removed the contract negotiation. They removed the contract negotiation. They
removed the context resets. So they removed the context resets. So they removed the context resets. So they
relied on context compaction. So again relied on context compaction. So again relied on context compaction. So again
we had a single sentence prompt to build we had a single sentence prompt to build we had a single sentence prompt to build
an app. Went to the planner agent an app. Went to the planner agent an app. Went to the planner agent
expanded it into a much larger spec. And expanded it into a much larger spec. And expanded it into a much larger spec. And
then that full spec was passed to the then that full spec was passed to the then that full spec was passed to the
generator agent to build to essentially generator agent to build to essentially generator agent to build to essentially
oneshot the entire app. One continuous oneshot the entire app. One continuous oneshot the entire app. One continuous
session. and it was relying on the session. and it was relying on the session. and it was relying on the
clawed agent SDK which has context clawed agent SDK which has context clawed agent SDK which has context
compaction built into it. So the compaction built into it. So the compaction built into it. So the
evaluator agent in this case only ran at evaluator agent in this case only ran at evaluator agent in this case only ran at
the end of the full build and that would the end of the full build and that would the end of the full build and that would
then provide feedback so that it could then provide feedback so that it could then provide feedback so that it could
then iterate on that feedback. So I then iterate on that feedback. So I then iterate on that feedback. So I
think there is a level of anthropic just think there is a level of anthropic just think there is a level of anthropic just
showing off how good Opus 4.6 is that it showing off how good Opus 4.6 is that it showing off how good Opus 4.6 is that it
can build an entire app that you don't can build an entire app that you don't can build an entire app that you don't
need these harnesses at a 1 million need these harnesses at a 1 million need these harnesses at a 1 million
token context window. It's not exactly token context window. It's not exactly token context window. It's not exactly
going to be cheap, but they do seem going to be cheap, but they do seem going to be cheap, but they do seem
convinced that the context rot problem convinced that the context rot problem convinced that the context rot problem
and the context anxiety problem don't and the context anxiety problem don't and the context anxiety problem don't
exist in this version of the model. So exist in this version of the model. So exist in this version of the model. So
for this version two of the harness, the for this version two of the harness, the for this version two of the harness, the
prompt was to build a fully featured DAW prompt was to build a fully featured DAW prompt was to build a fully featured DAW
in the browser using the web audio API. in the browser using the web audio API. in the browser using the web audio API.
So this is a digital audio workstation. So this is a digital audio workstation. So this is a digital audio workstation.
And here is the phase byphase breakdown. And here is the phase byphase breakdown. And here is the phase byphase breakdown.
So the planner agent took 5 minutes and So the planner agent took 5 minutes and So the planner agent took 5 minutes and
50ent and then the first full build took 50ent and then the first full build took 50ent and then the first full build took
2 hours and $71. the evaluator or the QA 2 hours and $71. the evaluator or the QA 2 hours and $71. the evaluator or the QA
agent took 10 minutes essentially and agent took 10 minutes essentially and agent took 10 minutes essentially and
then another hour for the second build then another hour for the second build then another hour for the second build
and then 10 minutes for the third build. and then 10 minutes for the third build. and then 10 minutes for the third build.
So all in all around four hours total So all in all around four hours total So all in all around four hours total
$125 and of course all relying on the $125 and of course all relying on the $125 and of course all relying on the
clawed agent SDK which has context clawed agent SDK which has context clawed agent SDK which has context
compaction so that you can keep it compaction so that you can keep it compaction so that you can keep it
running over the long term. Now of running over the long term. Now of running over the long term. Now of
course you could build this yourself. course you could build this yourself. course you could build this yourself.
You don't need to use the clawed agent You don't need to use the clawed agent You don't need to use the clawed agent
SDK. You could build the functionality SDK. You could build the functionality SDK. You could build the functionality
that you need for these agents to run that you need for these agents to run that you need for these agents to run
over the long horizon. And so this is over the long horizon. And so this is over the long horizon. And so this is
the finished product. They did want a the finished product. They did want a the finished product. They did want a
fully functional digital audio fully functional digital audio fully functional digital audio
workstation. I don't think this is fully workstation. I don't think this is fully workstation. I don't think this is fully
functional in the sense that, as they functional in the sense that, as they functional in the sense that, as they
say, it's far from a professional music say, it's far from a professional music say, it's far from a professional music
production program. That being said, it production program. That being said, it production program. That being said, it
costs $100 to create. So maybe that's costs $100 to create. So maybe that's costs $100 to create. So maybe that's
not to be expected either, but it does not to be expected either, but it does not to be expected either, but it does
seem to have some of the key features seem to have some of the key features seem to have some of the key features
that you would actually need. And this that you would actually need. And this that you would actually need. And this
brings about one of the big take-home brings about one of the big take-home brings about one of the big take-home
points from this article, which is the points from this article, which is the points from this article, which is the
idea of a harness evolution. because idea of a harness evolution. because idea of a harness evolution. because
every component in a harness essentially every component in a harness essentially every component in a harness essentially
encodes an assumption that the model encodes an assumption that the model encodes an assumption that the model
can't actually carry out that task can't actually carry out that task can't actually carry out that task
itself and the context reset is a itself and the context reset is a itself and the context reset is a
perfect example of that. Sonnet 4.5 had perfect example of that. Sonnet 4.5 had perfect example of that. Sonnet 4.5 had
context anxiety. So we had to build an context anxiety. So we had to build an context anxiety. So we had to build an
entire handing off of context in a entire handing off of context in a entire handing off of context in a
harness. So what Entropic are saying is harness. So what Entropic are saying is harness. So what Entropic are saying is
that those assumptions go stale as the that those assumptions go stale as the that those assumptions go stale as the
models improve as they saw with the leap models improve as they saw with the leap models improve as they saw with the leap
to opus 4.6. And they also found that to opus 4.6. And they also found that to opus 4.6. And they also found that
the evaluators work depended on how good the evaluators work depended on how good the evaluators work depended on how good
the model was as well. So if you're the model was as well. So if you're the model was as well. So if you're
really stretching the model to its really stretching the model to its really stretching the model to its
limits, it really is important to have limits, it really is important to have limits, it really is important to have
an evaluator to make sure it's done an evaluator to make sure it's done an evaluator to make sure it's done
everything it needs to do. Whereas if everything it needs to do. Whereas if everything it needs to do. Whereas if
you're asking the model to do something you're asking the model to do something you're asking the model to do something
that's very much in its wheelhouse, you that's very much in its wheelhouse, you that's very much in its wheelhouse, you
might not need an evaluator agent at might not need an evaluator agent at might not need an evaluator agent at
all. And I suppose this is the real work all. And I suppose this is the real work all. And I suppose this is the real work
of harness and context engineering of harness and context engineering of harness and context engineering
because it's not ever a one-shot setup. because it's not ever a one-shot setup. because it's not ever a one-shot setup.
You do need to refine and iterate as you You do need to refine and iterate as you You do need to refine and iterate as you
go. As I mentioned earlier, we're in the go. As I mentioned earlier, we're in the go. As I mentioned earlier, we're in the
middle of an AI builder series on this middle of an AI builder series on this middle of an AI builder series on this
channel where we build out a full stack channel where we build out a full stack channel where we build out a full stack
AI agent platform. And it's not using AI agent platform. And it's not using AI agent platform. And it's not using
cloud agent SDK. It's a completely cloud agent SDK. It's a completely cloud agent SDK. It's a completely
custom Python and React app with a custom Python and React app with a custom Python and React app with a
superbase back end. And last week, we superbase back end. And last week, we superbase back end. And last week, we
built in a specialized contract review built in a specialized contract review built in a specialized contract review
harness into this system. I'll leave a harness into this system. I'll leave a harness into this system. I'll leave a
link for it in the card above. And if link for it in the card above. And if link for it in the card above. And if
you're interested in going beyond the you're interested in going beyond the you're interested in going beyond the
theory and actually building these theory and actually building these theory and actually building these
harnesses for yourself, then check out harnesses for yourself, then check out harnesses for yourself, then check out
the link in the description to our the link in the description to our the link in the description to our
community, the AI Automators, where you community, the AI Automators, where you community, the AI Automators, where you
can access our full AI builder course can access our full AI builder course can access our full AI builder course
and codebase. We have a private and codebase. We have a private and codebase. We have a private
community here of serious builders all community here of serious builders all community here of serious builders all
creating specialized harnesses and creating specialized harnesses and creating specialized harnesses and
advanced rag systems. We'd love to see advanced rag systems. We'd love to see advanced rag systems. We'd love to see
you here, so check out the link below. you here, so check out the link below. you here, so check out the link below.
Thanks so much for watching and I'll see Thanks so much for watching and I'll see Thanks so much for watching and I'll see
you in the next 