Recently, there has been a shift in the Recently, there has been a shift in the
AI industry that we need to talk about. AI industry that we need to talk about. AI industry that we need to talk about.
And that's what I want to cover in this And that's what I want to cover in this And that's what I want to cover in this
video with you. It's the idea of an video with you. It's the idea of an video with you. It's the idea of an
agent harness and the promise that comes agent harness and the promise that comes agent harness and the promise that comes
with it that with a harness, we finally with it that with a harness, we finally with it that with a harness, we finally
have the ability to execute longunning have the ability to execute longunning have the ability to execute longunning
tasks with our agents reliably. And so, tasks with our agents reliably. And so, tasks with our agents reliably. And so,
as an example, with coding agents, using as an example, with coding agents, using as an example, with coding agents, using
a harness, we can trust it fully with a a harness, we can trust it fully with a a harness, we can trust it fully with a
complete feature implementation, what a complete feature implementation, what a complete feature implementation, what a
lot of people like to call Vibe coding. lot of people like to call Vibe coding. lot of people like to call Vibe coding.
Now, is that viable right now? Well, Now, is that viable right now? Well, Now, is that viable right now? Well,
that's part of what I want to address that's part of what I want to address that's part of what I want to address
with you because life isn't just with you because life isn't just with you because life isn't just
rainbows and daisies. There's a lot of rainbows and daisies. There's a lot of rainbows and daisies. There's a lot of
nuances that we need to uncover here nuances that we need to uncover here nuances that we need to uncover here
together. And so, in this video, I want together. And so, in this video, I want together. And so, in this video, I want
to talk about the evolution of the AI to talk about the evolution of the AI to talk about the evolution of the AI
agent architecture. How we got to this agent architecture. How we got to this agent architecture. How we got to this
point where harnesses are really point where harnesses are really point where harnesses are really
starting to become the most important starting to become the most important starting to become the most important
thing. And I also want to talk about why thing. And I also want to talk about why thing. And I also want to talk about why
that's the case even though harnesses that's the case even though harnesses that's the case even though harnesses
really aren't a brand new concept. And really aren't a brand new concept. And really aren't a brand new concept. And
then of course I want to get concrete then of course I want to get concrete then of course I want to get concrete
with you and talk about what the harness with you and talk about what the harness with you and talk about what the harness
architecture actually looks like. And architecture actually looks like. And architecture actually looks like. And
then honestly most importantly I want to then honestly most importantly I want to then honestly most importantly I want to
cover the two big unsolved problems. Why cover the two big unsolved problems. Why cover the two big unsolved problems. Why
aren't people using harnesses for aren't people using harnesses for aren't people using harnesses for
literally everything right now? Because literally everything right now? Because literally everything right now? Because
harnesses, let me tell you, will be a harnesses, let me tell you, will be a harnesses, let me tell you, will be a
big deal once we solve these things. And big deal once we solve these things. And big deal once we solve these things. And
I'm going to be focusing on AI coding in I'm going to be focusing on AI coding in I'm going to be focusing on AI coding in
this video, but really harnesses apply this video, but really harnesses apply this video, but really harnesses apply
to using an agent for any kind of very to using an agent for any kind of very to using an agent for any kind of very
large task. So let's start with our large task. So let's start with our large task. So let's start with our
timeline here. We have prompt timeline here. We have prompt timeline here. We have prompt
engineering which has evolved into engineering which has evolved into engineering which has evolved into
context engineering which has now more context engineering which has now more context engineering which has now more
recently evolved into agent harnesses. recently evolved into agent harnesses. recently evolved into agent harnesses.
And these three ideas are very related And these three ideas are very related And these three ideas are very related
because it's all about how we interact because it's all about how we interact because it's all about how we interact
with the LLM or the agent. And I know it with the LLM or the agent. And I know it with the LLM or the agent. And I know it
feels like a lifetime ago, but GBT3 was feels like a lifetime ago, but GBT3 was feels like a lifetime ago, but GBT3 was
released in May of 2020 and the idea of released in May of 2020 and the idea of released in May of 2020 and the idea of
prompt engineering was birthed around prompt engineering was birthed around prompt engineering was birthed around
then as well. It's all about optimizing then as well. It's all about optimizing then as well. It's all about optimizing
the single interactions that we have the single interactions that we have the single interactions that we have
with LLMs. articulating the instruction with LLMs. articulating the instruction with LLMs. articulating the instruction
set the best we can, getting the best set the best we can, getting the best set the best we can, getting the best
output with the right format, that kind output with the right format, that kind output with the right format, that kind
of thing. And now more recently, prompt of thing. And now more recently, prompt of thing. And now more recently, prompt
engineering has evolved into context engineering has evolved into context engineering has evolved into context
engineering. So we're still taking all engineering. So we're still taking all engineering. So we're still taking all
the strategies that we have here, but the strategies that we have here, but the strategies that we have here, but
we're applying it to entire sessions or we're applying it to entire sessions or we're applying it to entire sessions or
context windows instead of single context windows instead of single context windows instead of single
interactions. And so here it is all interactions. And so here it is all interactions. And so here it is all
about providing the right context to the about providing the right context to the about providing the right context to the
LLM at the right time. We have this LLM at the right time. We have this LLM at the right time. We have this
balancing act where we don't want balancing act where we don't want balancing act where we don't want
context rot. We don't want to overwhelm context rot. We don't want to overwhelm context rot. We don't want to overwhelm
the context window of the LLM, but also the context window of the LLM, but also the context window of the LLM, but also
we do want to be very comprehensive and we do want to be very comprehensive and we do want to be very comprehensive and
specific with the instructions that we specific with the instructions that we specific with the instructions that we
give the agent. And there are a lot of give the agent. And there are a lot of give the agent. And there are a lot of
strategies that we have for context strategies that we have for context strategies that we have for context
engineering that I'll cover more when we engineering that I'll cover more when we engineering that I'll cover more when we
get into the harness architecture as get into the harness architecture as get into the harness architecture as
well because all the ideas that we have well because all the ideas that we have well because all the ideas that we have
with context engineering are very with context engineering are very with context engineering are very
wrapped up in harnesses. And that is a wrapped up in harnesses. And that is a wrapped up in harnesses. And that is a
really good thing because this is an really good thing because this is an really good thing because this is an
evolution versus saying, you know, screw evolution versus saying, you know, screw evolution versus saying, you know, screw
context engineering, agent harnesses is context engineering, agent harnesses is context engineering, agent harnesses is
the new thing. It's not like that the new thing. It's not like that the new thing. It's not like that
because agent harnesses is all about how because agent harnesses is all about how because agent harnesses is all about how
we can optimize different context we can optimize different context we can optimize different context
windows or sessions and connect them windows or sessions and connect them windows or sessions and connect them
together to handle more longrunning together to handle more longrunning together to handle more longrunning
tasks. And so in each individual tasks. And so in each individual tasks. And so in each individual
session, we're still applying all these session, we're still applying all these session, we're still applying all these
strategies, but now this is creating the strategies, but now this is creating the strategies, but now this is creating the
infrastructure, the wrapper around our infrastructure, the wrapper around our infrastructure, the wrapper around our
agents. So we can have many work in agents. So we can have many work in agents. So we can have many work in
unison on one project with things like unison on one project with things like unison on one project with things like
checkpoints and handoffs so they can checkpoints and handoffs so they can checkpoints and handoffs so they can
communicate with each other. We have communicate with each other. We have communicate with each other. We have
human in the loop. So there are break human in the loop. So there are break human in the loop. So there are break
points for us to validate things as points for us to validate things as points for us to validate things as
well. So there's a lot of agent self- well. So there's a lot of agent self- well. So there's a lot of agent self-
validation and human validation that we validation and human validation that we validation and human validation that we
need in these harnesses so that we can need in these harnesses so that we can need in these harnesses so that we can
truly trust these longunning tasks. And truly trust these longunning tasks. And truly trust these longunning tasks. And
so I just love how these have evolved so I just love how these have evolved so I just love how these have evolved
into each other, right? Like harnesses into each other, right? Like harnesses into each other, right? Like harnesses
rely on everything that we've learned rely on everything that we've learned rely on everything that we've learned
from context engineering and prompt from context engineering and prompt from context engineering and prompt
engineering. So this is not a engineering. So this is not a engineering. So this is not a
replacement. So we focus first on replacement. So we focus first on replacement. So we focus first on
optimizing single interactions, then optimizing single interactions, then optimizing single interactions, then
single sessions. Now we are connecting single sessions. Now we are connecting single sessions. Now we are connecting
different context windows together with different context windows together with different context windows together with
harnesses and there are a lot of really harnesses and there are a lot of really harnesses and there are a lot of really
good examples of this. Langchain has good examples of this. Langchain has good examples of this. Langchain has
built deep agents. Enthropic has their built deep agents. Enthropic has their built deep agents. Enthropic has their
initializer coder architecture for initializer coder architecture for initializer coder architecture for
longunning coding tasks. I actually longunning coding tasks. I actually longunning coding tasks. I actually
covered this in a video already that covered this in a video already that covered this in a video already that
I'll link to right here. And then I'm I'll link to right here. And then I'm I'll link to right here. And then I'm
even working on my own remote agentic even working on my own remote agentic even working on my own remote agentic
coding system that builds harnesses coding system that builds harnesses coding system that builds harnesses
within the Dynamus community. So yes, I within the Dynamus community. So yes, I within the Dynamus community. So yes, I
am doing a lot of research on this am doing a lot of research on this am doing a lot of research on this
myself because I really do think that myself because I really do think that myself because I really do think that
this is the natural evolution for AI this is the natural evolution for AI this is the natural evolution for AI
agents. And yes, this is not something agents. And yes, this is not something agents. And yes, this is not something
that is brand new. There are a lot of that is brand new. There are a lot of that is brand new. There are a lot of
platforms out there like Langchain deep platforms out there like Langchain deep platforms out there like Langchain deep
agents, like Manis, for example, that we agents, like Manis, for example, that we agents, like Manis, for example, that we
had way back at the start of this year. had way back at the start of this year. had way back at the start of this year.
They've already implemented a harness, They've already implemented a harness, They've already implemented a harness,
but it's really just becoming more of a but it's really just becoming more of a but it's really just becoming more of a
standard right now that we have this standard right now that we have this standard right now that we have this
natural evolution for context natural evolution for context natural evolution for context
engineering to agent harnesses and it's engineering to agent harnesses and it's engineering to agent harnesses and it's
going to become like the necessary thing going to become like the necessary thing going to become like the necessary thing
if you want to make the most if you want to make the most if you want to make the most
state-of-the-art agents or if you just state-of-the-art agents or if you just state-of-the-art agents or if you just
want to continue to make your agents and want to continue to make your agents and want to continue to make your agents and
coding assistants more and more coding assistants more and more coding assistants more and more
reliable. Because here's the other reliable. Because here's the other reliable. Because here's the other
thing. There's this harsh truth that you thing. There's this harsh truth that you thing. There's this harsh truth that you
and I have to come to terms with. And and I have to come to terms with. And and I have to come to terms with. And
that is the raw power of LLMs is just that is the raw power of LLMs is just that is the raw power of LLMs is just
simply not exploding anymore like it was simply not exploding anymore like it was simply not exploding anymore like it was
the last couple of years. I mean, yeah, the last couple of years. I mean, yeah, the last couple of years. I mean, yeah,
the benchmarks are still getting more the benchmarks are still getting more the benchmarks are still getting more
and more impressive like with Gemini 3 and more impressive like with Gemini 3 and more impressive like with Gemini 3
and Claude Opus 4.5, but really it's the and Claude Opus 4.5, but really it's the and Claude Opus 4.5, but really it's the
layer around our LLMs, what we build on layer around our LLMs, what we build on layer around our LLMs, what we build on
top of our agents that is making the top of our agents that is making the top of our agents that is making the
difference here. the reasoning, memory difference here. the reasoning, memory difference here. the reasoning, memory
systems, prompting techniques, tool systems, prompting techniques, tool systems, prompting techniques, tool
optimization, everything except optimization, everything except optimization, everything except
increasing the raw power of the LLM increasing the raw power of the LLM increasing the raw power of the LLM
itself. And this is actually a fantastic itself. And this is actually a fantastic itself. And this is actually a fantastic
opportunity for us because this layer on opportunity for us because this layer on opportunity for us because this layer on
top of LLMs is what we get to create and top of LLMs is what we get to create and top of LLMs is what we get to create and
optimize for ourselves. We can't really optimize for ourselves. We can't really optimize for ourselves. We can't really
make the LLM more powerful. And we make the LLM more powerful. And we make the LLM more powerful. And we
definitely are hitting this scaling definitely are hitting this scaling definitely are hitting this scaling
limit with how far we can push LLMs with limit with how far we can push LLMs with limit with how far we can push LLMs with
the current architecture. And this the current architecture. And this the current architecture. And this
sentiment is definitely echoed if you sentiment is definitely echoed if you sentiment is definitely echoed if you
listen to any of the top AI researchers listen to any of the top AI researchers listen to any of the top AI researchers
right now. 2020 through 2025 was really right now. 2020 through 2025 was really right now. 2020 through 2025 was really
the year of scaling, scaling, scaling, the year of scaling, scaling, scaling, the year of scaling, scaling, scaling,
seeing how far we can push LLMs with the seeing how far we can push LLMs with the seeing how far we can push LLMs with the
parameter count and the data set that parameter count and the data set that parameter count and the data set that
we're training on, that kind of thing. we're training on, that kind of thing. we're training on, that kind of thing.
But we've hit the limit there. And so But we've hit the limit there. And so But we've hit the limit there. And so
now we're back to the drawing board. now we're back to the drawing board. now we're back to the drawing board.
Kind of the the next chapter of Kind of the the next chapter of Kind of the the next chapter of
researching for AI. So instead of researching for AI. So instead of researching for AI. So instead of
scaling, we are researching what's that scaling, we are researching what's that scaling, we are researching what's that
new architecture we shift towards. Maybe new architecture we shift towards. Maybe new architecture we shift towards. Maybe
something like world models. I'll something like world models. I'll something like world models. I'll
probably do a video on that as well. Or probably do a video on that as well. Or probably do a video on that as well. Or
just the wrapper on top of LLMs, like just the wrapper on top of LLMs, like just the wrapper on top of LLMs, like
exactly what we're covering here with exactly what we're covering here with exactly what we're covering here with
agent harnesses. This is the next unlock agent harnesses. This is the next unlock agent harnesses. This is the next unlock
for the next level of capability that we for the next level of capability that we for the next level of capability that we
have for our agents. All right, so with have for our agents. All right, so with have for our agents. All right, so with
that, let's get into what an agent that, let's get into what an agent that, let's get into what an agent
harness can actually look like. I want harness can actually look like. I want harness can actually look like. I want
to get concrete with you and give you to get concrete with you and give you to get concrete with you and give you
some examples. So hopefully after we go some examples. So hopefully after we go some examples. So hopefully after we go
over this, you'll really start to see over this, you'll really start to see over this, you'll really start to see
how powerful agent harnesses can be. And how powerful agent harnesses can be. And how powerful agent harnesses can be. And
so like I said earlier, the whole point so like I said earlier, the whole point so like I said earlier, the whole point
of harness is that we are connecting of harness is that we are connecting of harness is that we are connecting
many different agent sessions together. many different agent sessions together. many different agent sessions together.
This can be different specialized agents This can be different specialized agents This can be different specialized agents
or just one agent that we're running in or just one agent that we're running in or just one agent that we're running in
a loop because we're clearing the a loop because we're clearing the a loop because we're clearing the
context window periodically so it can context window periodically so it can context window periodically so it can
handle a longer task and not run into handle a longer task and not run into handle a longer task and not run into
context rot. We're totally overwhelming context rot. We're totally overwhelming context rot. We're totally overwhelming
the LLM. And with the anthropic harness the LLM. And with the anthropic harness the LLM. And with the anthropic harness
that I talked about earlier, and I'll that I talked about earlier, and I'll that I talked about earlier, and I'll
get into this as an example in a bit, we get into this as an example in a bit, we get into this as an example in a bit, we
actually have both. we have a actually have both. we have a actually have both. we have a
specialized agent and another specialized agent and another specialized agent and another
specialized agent but then also this specialized agent but then also this specialized agent but then also this
second one we are running in a loop for second one we are running in a loop for second one we are running in a loop for
most of the harness and so both are very most of the harness and so both are very most of the harness and so both are very
powerful and your harness might look a powerful and your harness might look a powerful and your harness might look a
little bit different like maybe you little bit different like maybe you little bit different like maybe you
don't have an initializer but you have don't have an initializer but you have don't have an initializer but you have
like three different agents that you run like three different agents that you run like three different agents that you run
in parallel I mean the way that you in parallel I mean the way that you in parallel I mean the way that you
structure the architecture for the structure the architecture for the structure the architecture for the
harness is really depending on the task harness is really depending on the task harness is really depending on the task
but what I've seen as the most common but what I've seen as the most common but what I've seen as the most common
architecture is to have some kind of architecture is to have some kind of architecture is to have some kind of
initializer that sets the stage for the initializer that sets the stage for the initializer that sets the stage for the
longrunning task And then you have the longrunning task And then you have the longrunning task And then you have the
task agent that is responsible for task agent that is responsible for task agent that is responsible for
making incremental progress. And then making incremental progress. And then making incremental progress. And then
we're just restarting the context window we're just restarting the context window we're just restarting the context window
and having some kind of process for the and having some kind of process for the and having some kind of process for the
next agent to quickly catch itself up to next agent to quickly catch itself up to next agent to quickly catch itself up to
speed on where we're at with the task speed on where we're at with the task speed on where we're at with the task
and what comes next. And this process is and what comes next. And this process is and what comes next. And this process is
still using all of the strategies that still using all of the strategies that still using all of the strategies that
we have for context engineering within we have for context engineering within we have for context engineering within
each individual session. So we have the each individual session. So we have the each individual session. So we have the
context engine that wraps our agents and context engine that wraps our agents and context engine that wraps our agents and
then the harness layer wraps that. So we then the harness layer wraps that. So we then the harness layer wraps that. So we
have memory compaction. We have have memory compaction. We have have memory compaction. We have
retrieval. So the agent can pull the retrieval. So the agent can pull the retrieval. So the agent can pull the
documents and information that it needs. documents and information that it needs. documents and information that it needs.
We have the idea of isolation with sub We have the idea of isolation with sub We have the idea of isolation with sub
aents for things like research. aents for things like research. aents for things like research.
Offloading information to be used later Offloading information to be used later Offloading information to be used later
using something like a database or a using something like a database or a using something like a database or a
file system. Of course we have file system. Of course we have file system. Of course we have
validation. So the coding assistant or validation. So the coding assistant or validation. So the coding assistant or
other kinds of agents can validate their other kinds of agents can validate their other kinds of agents can validate their
own work. This is all important. None of own work. This is all important. None of own work. This is all important. None of
this is going away. And so when I this is going away. And so when I this is going away. And so when I
covered context engineering for the covered context engineering for the covered context engineering for the
first time and I'll link to that video first time and I'll link to that video first time and I'll link to that video
right here, everything that I covered right here, everything that I covered right here, everything that I covered
here is still very very relevant and it here is still very very relevant and it here is still very very relevant and it
is worth repeating again. Agent is worth repeating again. Agent is worth repeating again. Agent
harnesses is not replacing context harnesses is not replacing context harnesses is not replacing context
engineering. And so you might be very engineering. And so you might be very engineering. And so you might be very
familiar with this diagram here. I've familiar with this diagram here. I've familiar with this diagram here. I've
covered this many times on my channel covered this many times on my channel covered this many times on my channel
the past few months. These are all the the past few months. These are all the the past few months. These are all the
components of context engineering. So we components of context engineering. So we components of context engineering. So we
have rag pulling in documents and have rag pulling in documents and have rag pulling in documents and
external sources of information. Prompt external sources of information. Prompt external sources of information. Prompt
engineering is a part of context engineering is a part of context engineering is a part of context
engineering as well. We still need to engineering as well. We still need to engineering as well. We still need to
have each individual prompt to the agent have each individual prompt to the agent have each individual prompt to the agent
be very optimized. We have memory be very optimized. We have memory be very optimized. We have memory
systems being able to leverage the file systems being able to leverage the file systems being able to leverage the file
system or git logs. And then short-term system or git logs. And then short-term system or git logs. And then short-term
memory making sure that we are memory making sure that we are memory making sure that we are
optimizing the context that we have in optimizing the context that we have in optimizing the context that we have in
the current session. All these things the current session. All these things the current session. All these things
are still very very applicable. But now are still very very applicable. But now are still very very applicable. But now
we just have this layer on top to we just have this layer on top to we just have this layer on top to
connect different sessions. And so one connect different sessions. And so one connect different sessions. And so one
of the most important parts of harnesses of the most important parts of harnesses of the most important parts of harnesses
is guard rails. running these checks at is guard rails. running these checks at is guard rails. running these checks at
the very beginning or the very end of the very beginning or the very end of the very beginning or the very end of
each agent or some of the agents in a each agent or some of the agents in a each agent or some of the agents in a
harness. For example, right at the end harness. For example, right at the end harness. For example, right at the end
of the initializer agent, a lot of times of the initializer agent, a lot of times of the initializer agent, a lot of times
what you'll see is that they'll run a what you'll see is that they'll run a what you'll see is that they'll run a
set of checks to make sure that the set of checks to make sure that the set of checks to make sure that the
project or the codebase is really project or the codebase is really project or the codebase is really
optimized well and set up for the task optimized well and set up for the task optimized well and set up for the task
agents going forward. Also, checkpoints. agents going forward. Also, checkpoints. agents going forward. Also, checkpoints.
And so between these different agents And so between these different agents And so between these different agents
having these checks that we run to make having these checks that we run to make having these checks that we run to make
sure that the agent is not going sure that the agent is not going sure that the agent is not going
completely off the rails that is very completely off the rails that is very completely off the rails that is very
very important. And then handoffs. And very important. And then handoffs. And very important. And then handoffs. And
so thinking about what kind of context so thinking about what kind of context so thinking about what kind of context
do we need the agent to offload so that do we need the agent to offload so that do we need the agent to offload so that
the next agent when we start a brand new the next agent when we start a brand new the next agent when we start a brand new
context window can read that information context window can read that information context window can read that information
to quickly catch itself up to speed. And to quickly catch itself up to speed. And to quickly catch itself up to speed. And
so this is a really important part of so this is a really important part of so this is a really important part of
the priming as I call it because think the priming as I call it because think the priming as I call it because think
about this. We have to imagine a about this. We have to imagine a about this. We have to imagine a
software project where each new engineer software project where each new engineer software project where each new engineer
arrives with no memory. And so how do we arrives with no memory. And so how do we arrives with no memory. And so how do we
quickly fill that memory but also in a quickly fill that memory but also in a quickly fill that memory but also in a
really concise way with the information really concise way with the information really concise way with the information
it needs to continue to make incremental it needs to continue to make incremental it needs to continue to make incremental
progress. And then of course we have progress. And then of course we have progress. And then of course we have
human in the loop. Being able to put human in the loop. Being able to put human in the loop. Being able to put
ourselves in the middle of this long ourselves in the middle of this long ourselves in the middle of this long
range task when necessary to continue to range task when necessary to continue to range task when necessary to continue to
validate things because yes we have the validate things because yes we have the validate things because yes we have the
checkpoints and the guard rails but we checkpoints and the guard rails but we checkpoints and the guard rails but we
don't always want to trust the AI coding don't always want to trust the AI coding don't always want to trust the AI coding
assistant and the system entirely. We assistant and the system entirely. We assistant and the system entirely. We
want to inject ourselves when we want want to inject ourselves when we want want to inject ourselves when we want
full reliability. And that's partially full reliability. And that's partially full reliability. And that's partially
why I said there's some nuances here. why I said there's some nuances here. why I said there's some nuances here.
Like agent harnesses is not enabling Like agent harnesses is not enabling Like agent harnesses is not enabling
vibe coding entirely because there is vibe coding entirely because there is vibe coding entirely because there is
still a lot of structure that we're still a lot of structure that we're still a lot of structure that we're
setting up here. And in an ideal world, setting up here. And in an ideal world, setting up here. And in an ideal world,
you are going to have a lot of human in you are going to have a lot of human in you are going to have a lot of human in
the loop in your process. Still, the the loop in your process. Still, the the loop in your process. Still, the
sponsor of today's video is out systems sponsor of today's video is out systems sponsor of today's video is out systems
and their agent workbench. A full and their agent workbench. A full and their agent workbench. A full
platform for you to build, deploy, and platform for you to build, deploy, and platform for you to build, deploy, and
govern AI agents. You get built-in govern AI agents. You get built-in govern AI agents. You get built-in
observability, guardrails, human in the observability, guardrails, human in the observability, guardrails, human in the
loop, one-click deployments across your loop, one-click deployments across your loop, one-click deployments across your
environments, everything you need for environments, everything you need for environments, everything you need for
enterprise agents baked in from day one. enterprise agents baked in from day one. enterprise agents baked in from day one.
And this is super relevant because we're And this is super relevant because we're And this is super relevant because we're
talking about state-of-the-art agents in talking about state-of-the-art agents in talking about state-of-the-art agents in
this video. But there is a reason why this video. But there is a reason why this video. But there is a reason why
most enterprise AI agents never make it most enterprise AI agents never make it most enterprise AI agents never make it
past the pilot phase. Prototyping is the past the pilot phase. Prototyping is the past the pilot phase. Prototyping is the
easy part, but when you need an audit easy part, but when you need an audit easy part, but when you need an audit
trail, the ability to trace what your trail, the ability to trace what your trail, the ability to trace what your
agent is doing and why in production, agent is doing and why in production, agent is doing and why in production,
that's when things fall apart because that's when things fall apart because that's when things fall apart because
that is the difficult part and what that is the difficult part and what that is the difficult part and what
outsystems agent workbench provides for outsystems agent workbench provides for outsystems agent workbench provides for
us. So the agent workbench is a lowode us. So the agent workbench is a lowode us. So the agent workbench is a lowode
agent builder. We have these very simple agent builder. We have these very simple agent builder. We have these very simple
and easy to extend workflows for all the and easy to extend workflows for all the and easy to extend workflows for all the
different components to an agent. And so different components to an agent. And so different components to an agent. And so
each one of these steps is actually a each one of these steps is actually a each one of these steps is actually a
sub workflow. We can manage short-term sub workflow. We can manage short-term sub workflow. We can manage short-term
memory, our system prompts, even adding memory, our system prompts, even adding memory, our system prompts, even adding
long-term memory and multi- aention long-term memory and multi- aention long-term memory and multi- aention
workflows. There's so much that we can workflows. There's so much that we can workflows. There's so much that we can
do to extend this. And at the LLM level, do to extend this. And at the LLM level, do to extend this. And at the LLM level,
we can also define the tools that we we can also define the tools that we we can also define the tools that we
have and make custom ones. And when have and make custom ones. And when have and make custom ones. And when
we're ready to test the application, we we're ready to test the application, we we're ready to test the application, we
can spin up this web application can spin up this web application can spin up this web application
automatically. It builds this for us. automatically. It builds this for us. automatically. It builds this for us.
And so, for example, with the simple And so, for example, with the simple And so, for example, with the simple
agent here, I gave it a tool to check agent here, I gave it a tool to check agent here, I gave it a tool to check
the weather. So, here's the weather in the weather. So, here's the weather in the weather. So, here's the weather in
Minneapolis today, for example. And then Minneapolis today, for example. And then Minneapolis today, for example. And then
when we're testing our agent and when we when we're testing our agent and when we when we're testing our agent and when we
have it running in production, we have have it running in production, we have have it running in production, we have
the whole dashboard here for all the the whole dashboard here for all the the whole dashboard here for all the
analytics and everything that we need analytics and everything that we need analytics and everything that we need
for enterprise AI. We've got analytics for enterprise AI. We've got analytics for enterprise AI. We've got analytics
for our agents across our different for our agents across our different for our agents across our different
environments. We can view all the environments. We can view all the environments. We can view all the
errors. We can trace every single errors. We can trace every single errors. We can trace every single
request. So much more in this platform request. So much more in this platform request. So much more in this platform
as well, like being able to manage users as well, like being able to manage users as well, like being able to manage users
for each of our agents and our for each of our agents and our for each of our agents and our
environments. And so this is what we environments. And so this is what we environments. And so this is what we
need for enterprise ready AI. If you need for enterprise ready AI. If you need for enterprise ready AI. If you
want to build agents that actually can want to build agents that actually can want to build agents that actually can
go beyond the pilot phase, definitely go beyond the pilot phase, definitely go beyond the pilot phase, definitely
check out the outsystems agent check out the outsystems agent check out the outsystems agent
workbench. All right, so let's go over workbench. All right, so let's go over workbench. All right, so let's go over
an example for what this flow can look an example for what this flow can look an example for what this flow can look
like in a harness and then I'll go over like in a harness and then I'll go over like in a harness and then I'll go over
some other examples like the anthropic some other examples like the anthropic some other examples like the anthropic
agent harness I've been talking so much agent harness I've been talking so much agent harness I've been talking so much
about and then some things with lang about and then some things with lang about and then some things with lang
chain and manis. And so as an example chain and manis. And so as an example chain and manis. And so as an example
here for coding specifically, when we here for coding specifically, when we here for coding specifically, when we
start a new session and we have no start a new session and we have no start a new session and we have no
memory, we need to prime. We first need memory, we need to prime. We first need memory, we need to prime. We first need
to understand what has already been to understand what has already been to understand what has already been
built and what is our next task. And so built and what is our next task. And so built and what is our next task. And so
we can read progress files, things that we can read progress files, things that we can read progress files, things that
were offloaded from the previous were offloaded from the previous were offloaded from the previous
session. We can look at the git log to session. We can look at the git log to session. We can look at the git log to
understand what has been built. So using understand what has been built. So using understand what has been built. So using
git as a part of our memory as well. We git as a part of our memory as well. We git as a part of our memory as well. We
can read the codebase and use the can read the codebase and use the can read the codebase and use the
codebase as a way to figure out what has codebase as a way to figure out what has codebase as a way to figure out what has
already been built. And so we do all already been built. And so we do all already been built. And so we do all
that as our priming. And then we do the that as our priming. And then we do the that as our priming. And then we do the
checkpoints. So running tests, verifying checkpoints. So running tests, verifying checkpoints. So running tests, verifying
the environment health, making sure that the environment health, making sure that the environment health, making sure that
everything has regression tested before everything has regression tested before everything has regression tested before
we move on to selecting the highest we move on to selecting the highest we move on to selecting the highest
priority feature and implementing the priority feature and implementing the priority feature and implementing the
next thing. So assuming everything is next thing. So assuming everything is next thing. So assuming everything is
good here, then we're going to pick the good here, then we're going to pick the good here, then we're going to pick the
next feature, implement it and do the next feature, implement it and do the next feature, implement it and do the
self validation as well. This is also self validation as well. This is also self validation as well. This is also
our opportunity to add in human in the our opportunity to add in human in the our opportunity to add in human in the
loop. If for example, we want to verify loop. If for example, we want to verify loop. If for example, we want to verify
that everything is looking good with that everything is looking good with that everything is looking good with
this feature before we move on to the this feature before we move on to the this feature before we move on to the
next one. And so they can there can be next one. And so they can there can be next one. And so they can there can be
like a built-in interrupt that adds us like a built-in interrupt that adds us like a built-in interrupt that adds us
into the loop and then we can like check into the loop and then we can like check into the loop and then we can like check
off a box and the system will off a box and the system will off a box and the system will
automatically continue. And so it's not automatically continue. And so it's not automatically continue. And so it's not
like we have to kick off each step of like we have to kick off each step of like we have to kick off each step of
the way otherwise it isn't really a the way otherwise it isn't really a the way otherwise it isn't really a
harness. And so then at the end the harness. And so then at the end the harness. And so then at the end the
agent will leave clean handoff agent will leave clean handoff agent will leave clean handoff
artifacts. That is again the offloading artifacts. That is again the offloading artifacts. That is again the offloading
and then we move on to the next session. and then we move on to the next session. and then we move on to the next session.
And this is just an example of what the And this is just an example of what the And this is just an example of what the
flow can look like. But I am very much flow can look like. But I am very much flow can look like. But I am very much
going off of the initializer task agent going off of the initializer task agent going off of the initializer task agent
architecture. This can of course look architecture. This can of course look architecture. This can of course look
quite different for other sorts of quite different for other sorts of quite different for other sorts of
harnesses, but there is a lot that we harnesses, but there is a lot that we harnesses, but there is a lot that we
can take away from this that would apply can take away from this that would apply can take away from this that would apply
very universally to any harness that we very universally to any harness that we very universally to any harness that we
would make. And so for example, using would make. And so for example, using would make. And so for example, using
the file system as memory is a really the file system as memory is a really the file system as memory is a really
common thing even for non-coding common thing even for non-coding common thing even for non-coding
harnesses. And so like with lane chains harnesses. And so like with lane chains harnesses. And so like with lane chains
deep agents for example, this is not deep agents for example, this is not deep agents for example, this is not
just for coding. They have context just for coding. They have context just for coding. They have context
management using file system tools. management using file system tools. management using file system tools.
Also, Manis, they have this really Also, Manis, they have this really Also, Manis, they have this really
awesome article that I'll link to in the awesome article that I'll link to in the awesome article that I'll link to in the
description talking about their description talking about their description talking about their
strategies for context engineering. And strategies for context engineering. And strategies for context engineering. And
they call out here as well that they use they call out here as well that they use they call out here as well that they use
the file system as context. And so then the file system as context. And so then the file system as context. And so then
it's not entirely up to us to make the it's not entirely up to us to make the it's not entirely up to us to make the
perfect offloading because we can just perfect offloading because we can just perfect offloading because we can just
look at the codebase to see what the look at the codebase to see what the look at the codebase to see what the
progress has been up until this point as progress has been up until this point as progress has been up until this point as
well as some progress files and the git well as some progress files and the git well as some progress files and the git
log. So it's very comprehensive what we log. So it's very comprehensive what we log. So it's very comprehensive what we
have set up here for the memory and have set up here for the memory and have set up here for the memory and
covering this example here for an AI covering this example here for an AI covering this example here for an AI
coding session flow. It leads us very coding session flow. It leads us very coding session flow. It leads us very
naturally into covering anthropics naturally into covering anthropics naturally into covering anthropics
harness for longunning agents. So I harness for longunning agents. So I harness for longunning agents. So I
linked to my video earlier where I linked to my video earlier where I linked to my video earlier where I
covered that already, but I will also covered that already, but I will also covered that already, but I will also
link to this article in the description link to this article in the description link to this article in the description
where Anthropic has open source the where Anthropic has open source the where Anthropic has open source the
harness entirely. I even made my own harness entirely. I even made my own harness entirely. I even made my own
version where I'm using linear as the version where I'm using linear as the version where I'm using linear as the
place to track the task progression place to track the task progression place to track the task progression
instead of using the local file system instead of using the local file system instead of using the local file system
like they do. And so I put a lot of work like they do. And so I put a lot of work like they do. And so I put a lot of work
into this just experimenting what it into this just experimenting what it into this just experimenting what it
looks like to take a harness and have looks like to take a harness and have looks like to take a harness and have
the agent update its progress where we the agent update its progress where we the agent update its progress where we
already work. Doing this in linear doing already work. Doing this in linear doing already work. Doing this in linear doing
it in somewhere else like Slack or ASA it in somewhere else like Slack or ASA it in somewhere else like Slack or ASA
Jira we can integrate all these Jira we can integrate all these Jira we can integrate all these
platforms and these harnesses to add in platforms and these harnesses to add in platforms and these harnesses to add in
human in the loop and just make it human in the loop and just make it human in the loop and just make it
really really powerful. And so a lot of really really powerful. And so a lot of really really powerful. And so a lot of
the concepts that we have in this the concepts that we have in this the concepts that we have in this
diagram here will be very familiar to diagram here will be very familiar to diagram here will be very familiar to
you because it's what we've covered in you because it's what we've covered in you because it's what we've covered in
the last few minutes here. And so when the last few minutes here. And so when the last few minutes here. And so when
we begin our harness, it's starting from we begin our harness, it's starting from we begin our harness, it's starting from
a blank slate. And so we have this a blank slate. And so we have this a blank slate. And so we have this
appspec where we define the project we appspec where we define the project we appspec where we define the project we
want to create. It's basically a PRD. want to create. It's basically a PRD. want to create. It's basically a PRD.
And so we send that in as primary And so we send that in as primary And so we send that in as primary
context to our initializer agent. And so context to our initializer agent. And so context to our initializer agent. And so
what the initializer agent does is it what the initializer agent does is it what the initializer agent does is it
takes our appspec and then it creates takes our appspec and then it creates takes our appspec and then it creates
this feature list JSON file. This is this feature list JSON file. This is this feature list JSON file. This is
what I translated into linear. It what I translated into linear. It what I translated into linear. It
basically outlines 200 plus features basically outlines 200 plus features basically outlines 200 plus features
that need to be developed and all the that need to be developed and all the that need to be developed and all the
validation that we can do for every one validation that we can do for every one validation that we can do for every one
of them. It creates a script to of them. It creates a script to of them. It creates a script to
initialize the project. It scaffolds out initialize the project. It scaffolds out initialize the project. It scaffolds out
the project and then also initializes the project and then also initializes the project and then also initializes
the git repo because we're going to be the git repo because we're going to be the git repo because we're going to be
using git as a core part of our memory using git as a core part of our memory using git as a core part of our memory
for all of our coding agents. And so for all of our coding agents. And so for all of our coding agents. And so
this is session number one. And then this is session number one. And then this is session number one. And then
every session going forward is going to every session going forward is going to every session going forward is going to
be using our coding agent in a loop be using our coding agent in a loop be using our coding agent in a loop
because this sets the stage and then the because this sets the stage and then the because this sets the stage and then the
coding agents are going to be making the coding agents are going to be making the coding agents are going to be making the
incremental progress going forward. And incremental progress going forward. And incremental progress going forward. And
then we have our core artifacts here for then we have our core artifacts here for then we have our core artifacts here for
the offloading and the handoffs. So we the offloading and the handoffs. So we the offloading and the handoffs. So we
have the feature list which we're going have the feature list which we're going have the feature list which we're going
to constantly go back and update. This to constantly go back and update. This to constantly go back and update. This
is our source of truth for what has is our source of truth for what has is our source of truth for what has
already been built and verified. We also already been built and verified. We also already been built and verified. We also
have the claude progress text file. This have the claude progress text file. This have the claude progress text file. This
is the core file for handoffs. So at the is the core file for handoffs. So at the is the core file for handoffs. So at the
end of every coding agent session, it is end of every coding agent session, it is end of every coding agent session, it is
going to update this progress file. And going to update this progress file. And going to update this progress file. And
this is now one of the first things that this is now one of the first things that this is now one of the first things that
we will read with a brand new context we will read with a brand new context we will read with a brand new context
window to understand what has been built window to understand what has been built window to understand what has been built
in the previous session. And so the way in the previous session. And so the way in the previous session. And so the way
the coding agent works, it is very the coding agent works, it is very the coding agent works, it is very
similar to the process that I outlined similar to the process that I outlined similar to the process that I outlined
right here. We get our bearings or right here. We get our bearings or right here. We get our bearings or
priming as I was calling it. So reading priming as I was calling it. So reading priming as I was calling it. So reading
files, looking at the git log, we'll do files, looking at the git log, we'll do files, looking at the git log, we'll do
regression testing, then pick the next regression testing, then pick the next regression testing, then pick the next
feature, implement and test it, and then feature, implement and test it, and then feature, implement and test it, and then
finally update and then make that commit finally update and then make that commit finally update and then make that commit
in git. And so it's very important to in git. And so it's very important to in git. And so it's very important to
not forget the commit as well because it not forget the commit as well because it not forget the commit as well because it
is such a core part of our memory. We're is such a core part of our memory. We're is such a core part of our memory. We're
just going to loop here until all of the just going to loop here until all of the just going to loop here until all of the
tests pass. And so we get to the point tests pass. And so we get to the point tests pass. And so we get to the point
where theoretically the full application where theoretically the full application where theoretically the full application
is implemented as long as the is implemented as long as the is implemented as long as the
initializer agent did a good job initializer agent did a good job initializer agent did a good job
outlining everything in the feature outlining everything in the feature outlining everything in the feature
list. And I ran this for 24 hours list. And I ran this for 24 hours list. And I ran this for 24 hours
straight in my video where I covered straight in my video where I covered straight in my video where I covered
this harness. And it literally built a this harness. And it literally built a this harness. And it literally built a
full claw.ai clone. This thing is full claw.ai clone. This thing is full claw.ai clone. This thing is
working really well. Like we have the working really well. Like we have the working really well. Like we have the
settings here. I can switch between settings here. I can switch between settings here. I can switch between
themes. I can go between different themes. I can go between different themes. I can go between different
conversations. I can pin them. I can conversations. I can pin them. I can conversations. I can pin them. I can
have them in a folder. I can do a new have them in a folder. I can do a new have them in a folder. I can do a new
chat and like actually talk to Claude chat and like actually talk to Claude chat and like actually talk to Claude
here. So like it's a fully working chat here. So like it's a fully working chat here. So like it's a fully working chat
application. And I did nothing. It's application. And I did nothing. It's application. And I did nothing. It's
more experimental. I wouldn't recommend more experimental. I wouldn't recommend more experimental. I wouldn't recommend
running this harness 24 hours straight running this harness 24 hours straight running this harness 24 hours straight
with no human in the loop, but I just with no human in the loop, but I just with no human in the loop, but I just
wanted to see how far I could take it. wanted to see how far I could take it. wanted to see how far I could take it.
And it was really cool to watch it like And it was really cool to watch it like And it was really cool to watch it like
do a bad job, but then like detect that do a bad job, but then like detect that do a bad job, but then like detect that
through validation and then correct and through validation and then correct and through validation and then correct and
then go on to the next feature and the then go on to the next feature and the then go on to the next feature and the
next session. Like I just watched it rip next session. Like I just watched it rip next session. Like I just watched it rip
through this over a day and it was through this over a day and it was through this over a day and it was
really really cool. And then adapting it really really cool. And then adapting it really really cool. And then adapting it
to work with linear was also really to work with linear was also really to work with linear was also really
cool. So like the cloud progress I cool. So like the cloud progress I cool. So like the cloud progress I
turned into this more like meta task turned into this more like meta task turned into this more like meta task
that I have in linear. So it like that I have in linear. So it like that I have in linear. So it like
updates this over time and makes updates this over time and makes updates this over time and makes
comments as it goes through each of the comments as it goes through each of the comments as it goes through each of the
sessions. And so all this is like really sessions. And so all this is like really sessions. And so all this is like really
new for me and I'm just starting to new for me and I'm just starting to new for me and I'm just starting to
experiment with harnesses. But yeah, the experiment with harnesses. But yeah, the experiment with harnesses. But yeah, the
power is just becoming more and more power is just becoming more and more power is just becoming more and more
obvious for me here especially once we obvious for me here especially once we obvious for me here especially once we
get to the point where we're get to the point where we're get to the point where we're
implementing human in the loop implementing human in the loop implementing human in the loop
everything like that. And so that kind everything like that. And so that kind everything like that. And so that kind
of gets us into the two unsolved of gets us into the two unsolved of gets us into the two unsolved
problems here. This is the last thing problems here. This is the last thing problems here. This is the last thing
that I want to talk about with you that I want to talk about with you that I want to talk about with you
because these harnesses are really cool. because these harnesses are really cool. because these harnesses are really cool.
But at this point, I would consider them But at this point, I would consider them But at this point, I would consider them
more experimental because of these two more experimental because of these two more experimental because of these two
things. So let's get into that. So the things. So let's get into that. So the things. So let's get into that. So the
first big problem that we have is first big problem that we have is first big problem that we have is
bounded attention. This is the idea of bounded attention. This is the idea of bounded attention. This is the idea of
context rot. When we add more and more context rot. When we add more and more context rot. When we add more and more
information into the context window for information into the context window for information into the context window for
an LLM, it gets into the dumb zone, as an LLM, it gets into the dumb zone, as an LLM, it gets into the dumb zone, as
it's been called recently, where the LLM it's been called recently, where the LLM it's been called recently, where the LLM
just gets very overwhelmed. And yes, just gets very overwhelmed. And yes, just gets very overwhelmed. And yes,
this is the problem that harnesses is this is the problem that harnesses is this is the problem that harnesses is
aiming to solve. But my argument here is aiming to solve. But my argument here is aiming to solve. But my argument here is
that it is only partially solved. And so that it is only partially solved. And so that it is only partially solved. And so
we have a lot of the infrastructure and we have a lot of the infrastructure and we have a lot of the infrastructure and
ideas in place like memory compaction, ideas in place like memory compaction, ideas in place like memory compaction,
progress files for offloading, sub aents progress files for offloading, sub aents progress files for offloading, sub aents
for isolation, memory handoffs, but I for isolation, memory handoffs, but I for isolation, memory handoffs, but I
think that it is very far from being think that it is very far from being think that it is very far from being
optimized. So optimal summarization like optimized. So optimal summarization like optimized. So optimal summarization like
for example with the clawed progress in for example with the clawed progress in for example with the clawed progress in
the anthropic harness when I watch this the anthropic harness when I watch this the anthropic harness when I watch this
get created and updated throughout the get created and updated throughout the get created and updated throughout the
different sessions a lot of times it's different sessions a lot of times it's different sessions a lot of times it's
really obvious to me that it was missing really obvious to me that it was missing really obvious to me that it was missing
core information. So like sometimes the core information. So like sometimes the core information. So like sometimes the
coding agent would do a really good job coding agent would do a really good job coding agent would do a really good job
summarizing its work. Other times it summarizing its work. Other times it summarizing its work. Other times it
would completely miss things like would completely miss things like would completely miss things like
validation that failed and what it had validation that failed and what it had validation that failed and what it had
to do to correct it. And so like one to do to correct it. And so like one to do to correct it. And so like one
thing that happens with these harnesses thing that happens with these harnesses thing that happens with these harnesses
a lot is you'll see a pattern where the a lot is you'll see a pattern where the a lot is you'll see a pattern where the
same mistake will happen over and over same mistake will happen over and over same mistake will happen over and over
and over again because if the handoff and over again because if the handoff and over again because if the handoff
doesn't include how it resolves that doesn't include how it resolves that doesn't include how it resolves that
then it's just going to propagate then it's just going to propagate then it's just going to propagate
throughout the rest of the system. And throughout the rest of the system. And throughout the rest of the system. And
so that's also why human in the loop is so that's also why human in the loop is so that's also why human in the loop is
really important for these things. And really important for these things. And really important for these things. And
then also the idea of predictive context then also the idea of predictive context then also the idea of predictive context
like Mandis says in the article I showed like Mandis says in the article I showed like Mandis says in the article I showed
earlier you can't predict which earlier you can't predict which earlier you can't predict which
observation becomes critical 10 steps observation becomes critical 10 steps observation becomes critical 10 steps
later. Now, you can try your best to later. Now, you can try your best to later. Now, you can try your best to
predict, but this is definitely the predict, but this is definitely the predict, but this is definitely the
hardest engineering problem that we have hardest engineering problem that we have hardest engineering problem that we have
for harnesses overall. Like trying to for harnesses overall. Like trying to for harnesses overall. Like trying to
make that prediction and prompt that for make that prediction and prompt that for make that prediction and prompt that for
our coding assistants or other agents our coding assistants or other agents our coding assistants or other agents
like what do the sessions coming after like what do the sessions coming after like what do the sessions coming after
need to actually know from what you did need to actually know from what you did need to actually know from what you did
and that also goes into cross- session and that also goes into cross- session and that also goes into cross- session
continuity. So, yeah, bounded attention continuity. So, yeah, bounded attention continuity. So, yeah, bounded attention
is what harnesses are trying to solve, is what harnesses are trying to solve, is what harnesses are trying to solve,
but we're just not fully there yet. And but we're just not fully there yet. And but we're just not fully there yet. And
then we also have the issue of then we also have the issue of then we also have the issue of
reliability. Because here's the thing reliability. Because here's the thing reliability. Because here's the thing
with harnesses, it is basically a multi- with harnesses, it is basically a multi- with harnesses, it is basically a multi-
aent architecture where we are running aent architecture where we are running aent architecture where we are running
dozens and dozens of agents together to dozens and dozens of agents together to dozens and dozens of agents together to
accomplish a single longunning task. And accomplish a single longunning task. And accomplish a single longunning task. And
so a lot of times AI agents will have so a lot of times AI agents will have so a lot of times AI agents will have
something like a 95% reliability. Seems something like a 95% reliability. Seems something like a 95% reliability. Seems
pretty good on paper, but the problem is pretty good on paper, but the problem is pretty good on paper, but the problem is
this is reduced to a 36% reliability for this is reduced to a 36% reliability for this is reduced to a 36% reliability for
the entire system if we are running 20 the entire system if we are running 20 the entire system if we are running 20
steps because the errors compound on steps because the errors compound on steps because the errors compound on
each other. or maybe better put the each other. or maybe better put the each other. or maybe better put the
error rate compounds on each other. And error rate compounds on each other. And error rate compounds on each other. And
so I'll actually show you this by going so I'll actually show you this by going so I'll actually show you this by going
to a calculator here that if we have a to a calculator here that if we have a to a calculator here that if we have a
reliability of 0.95 or 95%. Well, to reliability of 0.95 or 95%. Well, to reliability of 0.95 or 95%. Well, to
calculate what the reliability is of the calculate what the reliability is of the calculate what the reliability is of the
system over 20 steps, we take that system over 20 steps, we take that system over 20 steps, we take that
number and we put it to the power of 20. number and we put it to the power of 20. number and we put it to the power of 20.
That's what gets us that number right That's what gets us that number right That's what gets us that number right
here. So I'll multiply it by 100. That here. So I'll multiply it by 100. That here. So I'll multiply it by 100. That
is the 36% that I'm referencing in the is the 36% that I'm referencing in the is the 36% that I'm referencing in the
Excal diagram right here. So, if we were Excal diagram right here. So, if we were Excal diagram right here. So, if we were
to have a harness that can truly do to have a harness that can truly do to have a harness that can truly do
something completely end to end with us something completely end to end with us something completely end to end with us
trusting it entirely, like Vibe coding, trusting it entirely, like Vibe coding, trusting it entirely, like Vibe coding,
then we would need like 99.9% then we would need like 99.9% then we would need like 99.9%
reliability for this system, especially reliability for this system, especially reliability for this system, especially
if it's like 200 steps instead of 20. if it's like 200 steps instead of 20. if it's like 200 steps instead of 20.
And man, let me tell you, we are not And man, let me tell you, we are not And man, let me tell you, we are not
going to get to the point where a coding going to get to the point where a coding going to get to the point where a coding
agent or any kind of agent is going to agent or any kind of agent is going to agent or any kind of agent is going to
be 99.9% be 99.9% be 99.9%
reliable. And so, this is partially reliable. And so, this is partially reliable. And so, this is partially
solved because we have the checkpoints. solved because we have the checkpoints. solved because we have the checkpoints.
So, the agents will self- validate. we So, the agents will self- validate. we So, the agents will self- validate. we
can automatically roll back like when we can automatically roll back like when we can automatically roll back like when we
have git integrated with a coding have git integrated with a coding have git integrated with a coding
harness. We got the structure artifacts harness. We got the structure artifacts harness. We got the structure artifacts
for handoffs. Like there's a lot that we for handoffs. Like there's a lot that we for handoffs. Like there's a lot that we
have here in the infrastructure. But the have here in the infrastructure. But the have here in the infrastructure. But the
main thing that we're missing is smart main thing that we're missing is smart main thing that we're missing is smart
checkpoints and human in the loop. We checkpoints and human in the loop. We checkpoints and human in the loop. We
need to have the right autonomy balance. need to have the right autonomy balance. need to have the right autonomy balance.
And so the answer here, what I haven't And so the answer here, what I haven't And so the answer here, what I haven't
really seen developed well in these really seen developed well in these really seen developed well in these
harnesses is having strategic human harnesses is having strategic human harnesses is having strategic human
checkpoints. So we still want things to checkpoints. So we still want things to checkpoints. So we still want things to
be as autonomous as possible. So, it's be as autonomous as possible. So, it's be as autonomous as possible. So, it's
truly a harness that is leveraging truly a harness that is leveraging truly a harness that is leveraging
different agents for a longunning task, different agents for a longunning task, different agents for a longunning task,
but we need easy injection points. So, but we need easy injection points. So, but we need easy injection points. So,
there's just a quick like let's check a there's just a quick like let's check a there's just a quick like let's check a
box or maybe validate the website if box or maybe validate the website if box or maybe validate the website if
we're cloning claw.ai, like let's do we're cloning claw.ai, like let's do we're cloning claw.ai, like let's do
something really quick and then have the something really quick and then have the something really quick and then have the
system automatically restart and go to system automatically restart and go to system automatically restart and go to
the next session once we give the okay. the next session once we give the okay. the next session once we give the okay.
And like that's the kind of thing that And like that's the kind of thing that And like that's the kind of thing that
I'm putting a lot of time into I'm putting a lot of time into I'm putting a lot of time into
researching myself because if we can researching myself because if we can researching myself because if we can
have really powerful human in the loop have really powerful human in the loop have really powerful human in the loop
built into these harnesses, the sky is built into these harnesses, the sky is built into these harnesses, the sky is
the limit for what we can accomplish. the limit for what we can accomplish. the limit for what we can accomplish.
Like honestly, I would be so bold as to Like honestly, I would be so bold as to Like honestly, I would be so bold as to
say that if we solve these problems and say that if we solve these problems and say that if we solve these problems and
we have a very engineered harness that we have a very engineered harness that we have a very engineered harness that
has human in the loop and all of the has human in the loop and all of the has human in the loop and all of the
self- validation, then vibe coding is self- validation, then vibe coding is self- validation, then vibe coding is
viable. Now, it's going to look a lot viable. Now, it's going to look a lot viable. Now, it's going to look a lot
different because the general idea of different because the general idea of different because the general idea of
Vive coding is that you just give all Vive coding is that you just give all Vive coding is that you just give all
power to the coding assistant. You trust power to the coding assistant. You trust power to the coding assistant. You trust
it entirely and you're not engineering a it entirely and you're not engineering a it entirely and you're not engineering a
system. And so, it's very different here system. And so, it's very different here system. And so, it's very different here
because yes, we are delegating all because yes, we are delegating all because yes, we are delegating all
coding to AI if we build a very powerful coding to AI if we build a very powerful coding to AI if we build a very powerful
harness. But the system is heavily harness. But the system is heavily harness. But the system is heavily
engineered with human in the loop at a engineered with human in the loop at a engineered with human in the loop at a
lot of different stages. And so, I'm lot of different stages. And so, I'm lot of different stages. And so, I'm
sorry if you think that I'm going to sorry if you think that I'm going to sorry if you think that I'm going to
tell you that like we can vive code any tell you that like we can vive code any tell you that like we can vive code any
feature on any codebase ever. It's more feature on any codebase ever. It's more feature on any codebase ever. It's more
like yes, we can if we have engineered like yes, we can if we have engineered like yes, we can if we have engineered
things in a lot of detail with a harness things in a lot of detail with a harness things in a lot of detail with a harness
like I'm talking about here. And like like I'm talking about here. And like like I'm talking about here. And like
fundamentally, this is not an easy fundamentally, this is not an easy fundamentally, this is not an easy
problem for us to solve. Like I said, problem for us to solve. Like I said, problem for us to solve. Like I said,
things like predictive context are things like predictive context are things like predictive context are
basically impossible. And so we just basically impossible. And so we just basically impossible. And so we just
have to get as close to perfect as we have to get as close to perfect as we have to get as close to perfect as we
can. But I really do think that like can. But I really do think that like can. But I really do think that like
2026 is going to be the year of agent 2026 is going to be the year of agent 2026 is going to be the year of agent
harnesses, right? Like 2025 was the year harnesses, right? Like 2025 was the year harnesses, right? Like 2025 was the year
of vibe coding and agents. Now we're of vibe coding and agents. Now we're of vibe coding and agents. Now we're
going to make things more reliable with going to make things more reliable with going to make things more reliable with
harnesses. human in the loop and I am harnesses. human in the loop and I am harnesses. human in the loop and I am
very excited for that. So that my friend very excited for that. So that my friend very excited for that. So that my friend
is everything that I have for you on is everything that I have for you on is everything that I have for you on
agent harnesses and I know it takes some agent harnesses and I know it takes some agent harnesses and I know it takes some
imagination right now to see how far we imagination right now to see how far we imagination right now to see how far we
will be able to take harnesses but I will be able to take harnesses but I will be able to take harnesses but I
firmly believe that this is the unlock firmly believe that this is the unlock firmly believe that this is the unlock
for us to be able to delegate 99% or for us to be able to delegate 99% or for us to be able to delegate 99% or
more of coding to our coding agents and more of coding to our coding agents and more of coding to our coding agents and
applying this to really any kind of applying this to really any kind of applying this to really any kind of
long-running agent like I've been long-running agent like I've been long-running agent like I've been
talking about as well. And so yeah, vibe talking about as well. And so yeah, vibe talking about as well. And so yeah, vibe
coding, it's going to sort of become coding, it's going to sort of become coding, it's going to sort of become
viable but also look a lot different viable but also look a lot different viable but also look a lot different
because we are engineering the system, because we are engineering the system, because we are engineering the system,
engineering the harness, but we aren't engineering the harness, but we aren't engineering the harness, but we aren't
going to be writing most of the code in going to be writing most of the code in going to be writing most of the code in
the very near future. That's what I the very near future. That's what I the very near future. That's what I
think we have in store for 2026 and I'm think we have in store for 2026 and I'm think we have in store for 2026 and I'm
looking forward to that. So, if you looking forward to that. So, if you looking forward to that. So, if you
appreciated this video and you're appreciated this video and you're appreciated this video and you're
looking forward to more things on AI looking forward to more things on AI looking forward to more things on AI
agents and AI coding, I would really agents and AI coding, I would really agents and AI coding, I would really
appreciate a like and a subscribe, and I appreciate a like and a subscribe, and I appreciate a like and a subscribe, and I
will see you in the next 