Henry and welcome back to episode 46 of Henry and welcome back to episode 46 of
the Swiss A Engineering podcast called the Swiss A Engineering podcast called the Swiss A Engineering podcast called
This is the Year. Yet again with me This is the Year. Yet again with me This is the Year. Yet again with me
today is Schwah, the AI engineering today is Schwah, the AI engineering today is Schwah, the AI engineering
wizard. Today we have a few topics wizard. Today we have a few topics wizard. Today we have a few topics
prepared for you guys. We're talking prepared for you guys. We're talking prepared for you guys. We're talking
again in regards to aic AI harnesses. We again in regards to aic AI harnesses. We again in regards to aic AI harnesses. We
also talk briefly about skills. We'll also talk briefly about skills. We'll also talk briefly about skills. We'll
deep dive also today into clo dispatch, deep dive also today into clo dispatch, deep dive also today into clo dispatch,
cloak, and cloth code. Specifically, how cloak, and cloth code. Specifically, how cloak, and cloth code. Specifically, how
to actually use it to then sell your to actually use it to then sell your to actually use it to then sell your
achantic AI software. But before we achantic AI software. But before we achantic AI software. But before we
actually talk about that, you have some actually talk about that, you have some actually talk about that, you have some
nuances to add in regard to Deep Seekers nuances to add in regard to Deep Seekers nuances to add in regard to Deep Seekers
research. But first, you're back from research. But first, you're back from research. But first, you're back from
vacation from Italy. How was that trip? vacation from Italy. How was that trip? vacation from Italy. How was that trip?
Did you do what you at intended to do? Did you do what you at intended to do? Did you do what you at intended to do?
&gt;&gt; I did. Um, I have some opinions about &gt;&gt; I did. Um, I have some opinions about &gt;&gt; I did. Um, I have some opinions about
Italian drivers and their understanding Italian drivers and their understanding Italian drivers and their understanding
of the driving laws of the country. Um, of the driving laws of the country. Um, of the driving laws of the country. Um,
I tried to abide by all the rules and I tried to abide by all the rules and I tried to abide by all the rules and
laws that I saw, all the traffic signs laws that I saw, all the traffic signs laws that I saw, all the traffic signs
that I saw. Uh, it seemed like I was the that I saw. Uh, it seemed like I was the that I saw. Uh, it seemed like I was the
only one trying to do that, but maybe I only one trying to do that, but maybe I only one trying to do that, but maybe I
was reading them wrong. Um, I didn't was reading them wrong. Um, I didn't was reading them wrong. Um, I didn't
have not have time to take a screenshot have not have time to take a screenshot have not have time to take a screenshot
of every single traffic sign and post of every single traffic sign and post of every single traffic sign and post
them into Gemini or try GPT uh to see if them into Gemini or try GPT uh to see if them into Gemini or try GPT uh to see if
I was maybe misunderstanding the what I was maybe misunderstanding the what I was maybe misunderstanding the what
the sign meant, but you know, EU traffic the sign meant, but you know, EU traffic the sign meant, but you know, EU traffic
laws might be different things across laws might be different things across laws might be different things across
different countries. Um, but it was in different countries. Um, but it was in different countries. Um, but it was in
general quite fun. general quite fun. general quite fun.
&gt;&gt; Excellent. Well, good to see you back &gt;&gt; Excellent. Well, good to see you back &gt;&gt; Excellent. Well, good to see you back
back in the game. We talked about today back in the game. We talked about today back in the game. We talked about today
very briefly. you you were out for very briefly. you you were out for very briefly. you you were out for
roughly a week in AI time scales that's roughly a week in AI time scales that's roughly a week in AI time scales that's
around a decade. So a few things have around a decade. So a few things have around a decade. So a few things have
changed. Maybe just for for the audience changed. Maybe just for for the audience changed. Maybe just for for the audience
um we have been shooting these episodes um we have been shooting these episodes um we have been shooting these episodes
for probably roughly a year now and if for probably roughly a year now and if for probably roughly a year now and if
you have a question in regards to you have a question in regards to you have a question in regards to
applied AI engineering being for example applied AI engineering being for example applied AI engineering being for example
building a product feel free to drop a building a product feel free to drop a building a product feel free to drop a
comment. We're launching these episodes comment. We're launching these episodes comment. We're launching these episodes
every single week basically just sharing every single week basically just sharing every single week basically just sharing
what we've learned in the last few years what we've learned in the last few years what we've learned in the last few years
of building and also selling a centig of building and also selling a centig of building and also selling a centig
software. mostly in in Switzerland to software. mostly in in Switzerland to software. mostly in in Switzerland to
regulated industries in finance or regulated industries in finance or regulated industries in finance or
infrastructure topics. And why don't we infrastructure topics. And why don't we infrastructure topics. And why don't we
kick it off with this first, let's say, kick it off with this first, let's say, kick it off with this first, let's say,
a bit of an update. The last few a bit of an update. The last few a bit of an update. The last few
episodes we talked about harnesses and episodes we talked about harnesses and episodes we talked about harnesses and
really the benefit of of harnessing one really the benefit of of harnessing one really the benefit of of harnessing one
particular agent yet I've actually particular agent yet I've actually particular agent yet I've actually
received from one of my AI classes that received from one of my AI classes that received from one of my AI classes that
I'm teaching um the last few days in I I'm teaching um the last few days in I I'm teaching um the last few days in I
would say increasing requests in would say increasing requests in would say increasing requests in
explanation why do we harness only one explanation why do we harness only one explanation why do we harness only one
agent or is this like whole multi- aent agent or is this like whole multi- aent agent or is this like whole multi- aent
system fully fully dead now and we we system fully fully dead now and we we system fully fully dead now and we we
have the single agent system with one have the single agent system with one have the single agent system with one
particular harness again or what's particular harness again or what's particular harness again or what's
what's your viewpoint multi versus what's your viewpoint multi versus what's your viewpoint multi versus
single agent multi harness versus single single agent multi harness versus single single agent multi harness versus single
harness and how is this whole tool harness and how is this whole tool harness and how is this whole tool
landscape then evolving try to make landscape then evolving try to make landscape then evolving try to make
sense a little bit of that sense a little bit of that sense a little bit of that
&gt;&gt; I see that I think the optimal solution &gt;&gt; I see that I think the optimal solution &gt;&gt; I see that I think the optimal solution
is to have a little bit of mix but is to have a little bit of mix but is to have a little bit of mix but
multi- aents uh showed up around a year multi- aents uh showed up around a year multi- aents uh showed up around a year
or two ago and they looked really or two ago and they looked really or two ago and they looked really
interesting and you could set them up in interesting and you could set them up in interesting and you could set them up in
different structures you could have a different structures you could have a different structures you could have a
supervisor agent and multiple like supervisor agent and multiple like supervisor agent and multiple like
single task agents it's exactly like how single task agents it's exactly like how single task agents it's exactly like how
we envision like companies work like we envision like companies work like we envision like companies work like
those organoggrams just having every those organoggrams just having every those organoggrams just having every
single population has a specific role. single population has a specific role. single population has a specific role.
It almost sold the dream that you could It almost sold the dream that you could It almost sold the dream that you could
replace your whole company or at least replace your whole company or at least replace your whole company or at least
part of a department uh with agents. The part of a department uh with agents. The part of a department uh with agents. The
thing is software wise it is incredibly thing is software wise it is incredibly thing is software wise it is incredibly
hard to do multi- aent systems hard to do multi- aent systems hard to do multi- aent systems
especially because regarding handoff so especially because regarding handoff so especially because regarding handoff so
uh people in companies talk even if uh people in companies talk even if uh people in companies talk even if
they're not in the office they'll talk they're not in the office they'll talk they're not in the office they'll talk
via teams or slack or uh WhatsApp if you via teams or slack or uh WhatsApp if you via teams or slack or uh WhatsApp if you
want them to um they'll share want them to um they'll share want them to um they'll share
information and when you set up these information and when you set up these information and when you set up these
agents it was hard to know when to share agents it was hard to know when to share agents it was hard to know when to share
information and what information to information and what information to information and what information to
share uh and so most multi- aent systems share uh and so most multi- aent systems share uh and so most multi- aent systems
not only were difficult to to build uh not only were difficult to to build uh not only were difficult to to build uh
to begin with But also they were to begin with But also they were to begin with But also they were
difficult to maintain. And then you add difficult to maintain. And then you add difficult to maintain. And then you add
a new feature. Maybe was that feature a a new feature. Maybe was that feature a a new feature. Maybe was that feature a
new agent or just expanding an existing new agent or just expanding an existing new agent or just expanding an existing
agent and you were always trying to play agent and you were always trying to play agent and you were always trying to play
a balancing act. And so you had a a balancing act. And so you had a a balancing act. And so you had a
concept of this like tools and skills concept of this like tools and skills concept of this like tools and skills
which is just instead of having multiple which is just instead of having multiple which is just instead of having multiple
agents doing different things like one agents doing different things like one agents doing different things like one
agent exploring files, one agent um agent exploring files, one agent um agent exploring files, one agent um
reviewing compliance documents, you can reviewing compliance documents, you can reviewing compliance documents, you can
have one agent that could have different have one agent that could have different have one agent that could have different
skills that you could pull in real time. skills that you could pull in real time. skills that you could pull in real time.
It could see, okay, how do I read It could see, okay, how do I read It could see, okay, how do I read
compliance documents? and he goes to compliance documents? and he goes to compliance documents? and he goes to
read compass documents. Okay, how do I read compass documents. Okay, how do I read compass documents. Okay, how do I
go online and search for this go online and search for this go online and search for this
information and we'll get the tools to information and we'll get the tools to information and we'll get the tools to
go online and search for it. That seems go online and search for it. That seems go online and search for it. That seems
way simpler and it is way simpler to set way simpler and it is way simpler to set way simpler and it is way simpler to set
up like from a perspective of codes but up like from a perspective of codes but up like from a perspective of codes but
also from a perspective of you're also from a perspective of you're also from a perspective of you're
building an agent. This can do multiple building an agent. This can do multiple building an agent. This can do multiple
things like having one very effective things like having one very effective things like having one very effective
very functional uh employee at your very functional uh employee at your very functional uh employee at your
company. The thing is AIS are not you company. The thing is AIS are not you company. The thing is AIS are not you
know super powerful just yet. They are know super powerful just yet. They are know super powerful just yet. They are
quite powerful, quite intelligent, but quite powerful, quite intelligent, but quite powerful, quite intelligent, but
they have their limits. And eventually they have their limits. And eventually they have their limits. And eventually
with enough skills, with enough tools, with enough skills, with enough tools, with enough skills, with enough tools,
you'd have an agent that would just try you'd have an agent that would just try you'd have an agent that would just try
start to elucinate. Uh you'd have agents start to elucinate. Uh you'd have agents start to elucinate. Uh you'd have agents
that would go on a different direction that would go on a different direction that would go on a different direction
that you want them to do. Uh you want that you want them to do. Uh you want that you want them to do. Uh you want
them to read compliance documents, but them to read compliance documents, but them to read compliance documents, but
maybe by a bit of an error, it puts the maybe by a bit of an error, it puts the maybe by a bit of an error, it puts the
wrong skill and it's now going through wrong skill and it's now going through wrong skill and it's now going through
your files on your computer searching your files on your computer searching your files on your computer searching
for something else. And so you have for something else. And so you have for something else. And so you have
again a balancing act. What I found out again a balancing act. What I found out again a balancing act. What I found out
is that most like the big brand big name is that most like the big brand big name is that most like the big brand big name
agent systems are doing is a mix of agent systems are doing is a mix of agent systems are doing is a mix of
multi- aent and multisk skill. So you multi- aent and multisk skill. So you multi- aent and multisk skill. So you
have one main agent that can pull have one main agent that can pull have one main agent that can pull
different skills and you can add skills different skills and you can add skills different skills and you can add skills
according to your business. You can have according to your business. You can have according to your business. You can have
skills that are built by the employees skills that are built by the employees skills that are built by the employees
uh so that the agent can help them and uh so that the agent can help them and uh so that the agent can help them and
help them the way that they want them help them the way that they want them help them the way that they want them
to. But for specific things you can have to. But for specific things you can have to. But for specific things you can have
an agent just for that just dedicated an agent just for that just dedicated an agent just for that just dedicated
for that. and you see them mostly for for that. and you see them mostly for for that. and you see them mostly for
exploring and searching files which is a exploring and searching files which is a exploring and searching files which is a
very specific thing. Uh it always very specific thing. Uh it always very specific thing. Uh it always
involves reading a lot of different involves reading a lot of different involves reading a lot of different
files because it's hard to know what files because it's hard to know what files because it's hard to know what
you're searching. I mean it might not be you're searching. I mean it might not be you're searching. I mean it might not be
in your first or second result. So you in your first or second result. So you in your first or second result. So you
might have to read the five or 10 top might have to read the five or 10 top might have to read the five or 10 top
results. So in those cases you use a results. So in those cases you use a results. So in those cases you use a
smaller LLM, a faster or cheaper LLM smaller LLM, a faster or cheaper LLM smaller LLM, a faster or cheaper LLM
that will just go through your files. that will just go through your files. that will just go through your files.
It's specialized for that and will give It's specialized for that and will give It's specialized for that and will give
you the results you want. And the main you the results you want. And the main you the results you want. And the main
agent can focus on what matters, your agent can focus on what matters, your agent can focus on what matters, your
business logic, your business skills, business logic, your business skills, business logic, your business skills,
and if it needs some information from and if it needs some information from and if it needs some information from
some files or from online, it can pull some files or from online, it can pull some files or from online, it can pull
that explore agent or that search agent, that explore agent or that search agent, that explore agent or that search agent,
call it whatever you want to uh and call call it whatever you want to uh and call call it whatever you want to uh and call
that agent, have that agent do, let's that agent, have that agent do, let's that agent, have that agent do, let's
say, the boring work of reading through say, the boring work of reading through say, the boring work of reading through
things and that agent will return the things and that agent will return the things and that agent will return the
information. The main agent can just use information. The main agent can just use information. The main agent can just use
it however they see fit. I think this it however they see fit. I think this it however they see fit. I think this
mix works the best. I mean it's um mix works the best. I mean it's um mix works the best. I mean it's um
probably yeah just a balancing act I probably yeah just a balancing act I probably yeah just a balancing act I
think overall I think one question that think overall I think one question that think overall I think one question that
usually yields from that is it's usually usually yields from that is it's usually usually yields from that is it's usually
context dependent whatever the the context dependent whatever the the context dependent whatever the the
software actually has has in mind to software actually has has in mind to software actually has has in mind to
execute um I think what we've seen more execute um I think what we've seen more execute um I think what we've seen more
and more is actually happening that you and more is actually happening that you and more is actually happening that you
have sort of main intelligence agent or have sort of main intelligence agent or have sort of main intelligence agent or
main large language model that you're main large language model that you're main large language model that you're
using for the heavy lifting of the tasks using for the heavy lifting of the tasks using for the heavy lifting of the tasks
like for example in in our case is like like for example in in our case is like like for example in in our case is like
Excel modeling or powerpoint slide Excel modeling or powerpoint slide Excel modeling or powerpoint slide
generation or doing some deep research generation or doing some deep research generation or doing some deep research
you probably need a fairly you probably need a fairly you probably need a fairly
I would say capable model that is I would say capable model that is I would say capable model that is
harnessed with all the skills and all harnessed with all the skills and all harnessed with all the skills and all
the tools it actually needs to execute the tools it actually needs to execute the tools it actually needs to execute
on this and then you maybe spawn sub on this and then you maybe spawn sub on this and then you maybe spawn sub
agents that you still have some sort of agents that you still have some sort of agents that you still have some sort of
control over from a builder's control over from a builder's control over from a builder's
perspective because you would want to perspective because you would want to perspective because you would want to
have the cost under control as well. So have the cost under control as well. So have the cost under control as well. So
you don't give full autonomy to the you don't give full autonomy to the you don't give full autonomy to the
system that can just spawn left right system that can just spawn left right system that can just spawn left right
and center new agents and then and center new agents and then and center new agents and then
automatically tool calls and you don't automatically tool calls and you don't automatically tool calls and you don't
really have much control over that again really have much control over that again really have much control over that again
for two reasons. For the pricing for two reasons. For the pricing for two reasons. For the pricing
perspective, you would want to have a perspective, you would want to have a perspective, you would want to have a
dedicated I would say system in place dedicated I would say system in place dedicated I would say system in place
when complexity task X Y and Zed is when complexity task X Y and Zed is when complexity task X Y and Zed is
happening. Maybe a cheaper model is happening. Maybe a cheaper model is happening. Maybe a cheaper model is
being pulled into the into the loop of being pulled into the into the loop of being pulled into the into the loop of
action. So you can actually minimize and action. So you can actually minimize and action. So you can actually minimize and
reduce your cost. And then second of all reduce your cost. And then second of all reduce your cost. And then second of all
also from a governance perspective um I also from a governance perspective um I also from a governance perspective um I
think just free floating agents all over think just free floating agents all over think just free floating agents all over
the place in certain industries that's the place in certain industries that's the place in certain industries that's
that we are focusing at for example that we are focusing at for example that we are focusing at for example
finance or infrastructure topics public finance or infrastructure topics public finance or infrastructure topics public
sector you do not want to have I would sector you do not want to have I would sector you do not want to have I would
say too much of a of a I would say say too much of a of a I would say say too much of a of a I would say
flexible design that that you cannot flexible design that that you cannot flexible design that that you cannot
trace that you cannot log and there is trace that you cannot log and there is trace that you cannot log and there is
no governance structure on top of this no governance structure on top of this no governance structure on top of this
so it's always a bit context dependent so it's always a bit context dependent so it's always a bit context dependent
if we sum it up and certainly one if we sum it up and certainly one if we sum it up and certainly one
particular component is like If you're particular component is like If you're particular component is like If you're
building an Atlantic system or maybe you building an Atlantic system or maybe you building an Atlantic system or maybe you
have your first Atlantic product or I have your first Atlantic product or I have your first Atlantic product or I
would say maybe even a few AI agents in would say maybe even a few AI agents in would say maybe even a few AI agents in
in your product, what your ultimate in your product, what your ultimate in your product, what your ultimate
value proposition really is and that value proposition really is and that value proposition really is and that
becomes increasingly clear when you talk becomes increasingly clear when you talk becomes increasingly clear when you talk
to initial clients is like all this to initial clients is like all this to initial clients is like all this
handling between what we've just talked handling between what we've just talked handling between what we've just talked
about managing multiple agents about managing multiple agents about managing multiple agents
potentially multiple cloud providers potentially multiple cloud providers potentially multiple cloud providers
potentially multiple model providers potentially multiple model providers potentially multiple model providers
potentially 100 plus connectors and tool potentially 100 plus connectors and tool potentially 100 plus connectors and tool
accesses all these APIs all these keys accesses all these APIs all these keys accesses all these APIs all these keys
all the shifts replacement, the all the shifts replacement, the all the shifts replacement, the
continuous testing, regulatory needs, continuous testing, regulatory needs, continuous testing, regulatory needs,
new connectors, new capabilities. That's new connectors, new capabilities. That's new connectors, new capabilities. That's
really all out of the box that you as a really all out of the box that you as a really all out of the box that you as a
builder, you can provide to a business. builder, you can provide to a business. builder, you can provide to a business.
And this whole overhead of of the And this whole overhead of of the And this whole overhead of of the
operational integration, the monitoring, operational integration, the monitoring, operational integration, the monitoring,
the retesting, the security is the retesting, the security is the retesting, the security is
ultimately what what you're selling uh ultimately what what you're selling uh ultimately what what you're selling uh
if you're actually selling an Aentic or if you're actually selling an Aentic or if you're actually selling an Aentic or
multi- aent system for whatever the task multi- aent system for whatever the task multi- aent system for whatever the task
may be. Last time in our episode 45, we may be. Last time in our episode 45, we may be. Last time in our episode 45, we
talked about outcomebased pricing. So talked about outcomebased pricing. So talked about outcomebased pricing. So
this whole achantic system would then this whole achantic system would then this whole achantic system would then
yield to an outcome and this you can yield to an outcome and this you can yield to an outcome and this you can
price accordingly for instance ex price accordingly for instance ex price accordingly for instance ex
executed or maybe in other words executed or maybe in other words executed or maybe in other words
sometimes saved for a full-time sometimes saved for a full-time sometimes saved for a full-time
equivalent of an employee but that's equivalent of an employee but that's equivalent of an employee but that's
more or less just a a very brief again more or less just a a very brief again more or less just a a very brief again
no update on harness engineering no update on harness engineering no update on harness engineering
harnesses and achantic skills tools and harnesses and achantic skills tools and harnesses and achantic skills tools and
connectors. It really depends on the connectors. It really depends on the connectors. It really depends on the
context. Ultimately, the value context. Ultimately, the value context. Ultimately, the value
proposition is fairly obvious that you proposition is fairly obvious that you proposition is fairly obvious that you
reduce the complexity to whatever reduce the complexity to whatever reduce the complexity to whatever
enterprise or clients you're actually enterprise or clients you're actually enterprise or clients you're actually
selling to. I give you back to virtual selling to. I give you back to virtual selling to. I give you back to virtual
mentioned some research by DeepSeek mentioned some research by DeepSeek mentioned some research by DeepSeek
before the show. Um, why don't you give before the show. Um, why don't you give before the show. Um, why don't you give
us a bit of a rundown on what happened us a bit of a rundown on what happened us a bit of a rundown on what happened
and what's the implication on multi- and what's the implication on multi- and what's the implication on multi-
aent and multi-harness and multi-tool aent and multi-harness and multi-tool aent and multi-harness and multi-tool
systems? Um I'm off for a week and when systems? Um I'm off for a week and when systems? Um I'm off for a week and when
I get back I start to read what's up in I get back I start to read what's up in I get back I start to read what's up in
the academic world of AI and again we're the academic world of AI and again we're the academic world of AI and again we're
not officially sponsored by uh Deep Seek not officially sponsored by uh Deep Seek not officially sponsored by uh Deep Seek
but let's say highly motivated to read but let's say highly motivated to read but let's say highly motivated to read
uh what their output because they have uh what their output because they have uh what their output because they have
been pushing the boundaries um in terms been pushing the boundaries um in terms been pushing the boundaries um in terms
of this AI and machine learning research of this AI and machine learning research of this AI and machine learning research
and this last research usually it has AI and this last research usually it has AI and this last research usually it has AI
research comes somewhat structured in a research comes somewhat structured in a research comes somewhat structured in a
way that there's a new architecture a way that there's a new architecture a way that there's a new architecture a
new mechanism for models to use you new mechanism for models to use you new mechanism for models to use you
implement it you tested you across implement it you tested you across implement it you tested you across
benchmarks. It's better if a few things benchmarks. It's better if a few things benchmarks. It's better if a few things
worse a few others. Uh you make the worse a few others. Uh you make the worse a few others. Uh you make the
comparison that's it results and you comparison that's it results and you comparison that's it results and you
have a paper you publish it. The thing have a paper you publish it. The thing have a paper you publish it. The thing
is in his latest paper and it's a very is in his latest paper and it's a very is in his latest paper and it's a very
long uh title somewhere to do with long uh title somewhere to do with long uh title somewhere to do with
conditional memory, real scalable conditional memory, real scalable conditional memory, real scalable
lookup, a new axis like it it is a lot lookup, a new axis like it it is a lot lookup, a new axis like it it is a lot
of words but what actually means is they of words but what actually means is they of words but what actually means is they
come up with a system and when I test come up with a system and when I test come up with a system and when I test
across different benchmarks it makes the across different benchmarks it makes the across different benchmarks it makes the
model better at every single one of model better at every single one of model better at every single one of
them. So from math uh questions to them. So from math uh questions to them. So from math uh questions to
trivia questions to understanding text, trivia questions to understanding text, trivia questions to understanding text,
the model gets smarter across the board the model gets smarter across the board the model gets smarter across the board
in all the different benchmarks they in all the different benchmarks they in all the different benchmarks they
threw at it. And they threw quite a few threw at it. And they threw quite a few threw at it. And they threw quite a few
different ones at it. So uh I won't go different ones at it. So uh I won't go different ones at it. So uh I won't go
too deep or or too nerdy about the too deep or or too nerdy about the too deep or or too nerdy about the
mathematical approach that they took mathematical approach that they took mathematical approach that they took
into this but in an analogy instead of into this but in an analogy instead of into this but in an analogy instead of
having the model try to understand every having the model try to understand every having the model try to understand every
single word from scratch like the models single word from scratch like the models single word from scratch like the models
do now like chachi gemini anthropic do now like chachi gemini anthropic do now like chachi gemini anthropic
cloud models if you say something like cloud models if you say something like cloud models if you say something like
Alexander the great or capital of France Alexander the great or capital of France Alexander the great or capital of France
the model will read every single word the model will read every single word the model will read every single word
and then construct meaning out of them and then construct meaning out of them and then construct meaning out of them
one by one. So Alexander the Great, one by one. So Alexander the Great, one by one. So Alexander the Great,
you'll try to Alexander, then D, then you'll try to Alexander, then D, then you'll try to Alexander, then D, then
the great mix them together and then the great mix them together and then the great mix them together and then
you'll come up with a famous historical you'll come up with a famous historical you'll come up with a famous historical
uh person. They came up with some kind uh person. They came up with some kind uh person. They came up with some kind
of a a table lookup mechanism that you of a a table lookup mechanism that you of a a table lookup mechanism that you
can mix together words and uh mixes of can mix together words and uh mixes of can mix together words and uh mixes of
words and small sentences have meaning words and small sentences have meaning words and small sentences have meaning
by its own. So, capital of France, by its own. So, capital of France, by its own. So, capital of France,
Alexander the Great, or a piece of code Alexander the Great, or a piece of code Alexander the Great, or a piece of code
that's usually uh often used, they can that's usually uh often used, they can that's usually uh often used, they can
store the meaning of those things in a store the meaning of those things in a store the meaning of those things in a
table and then look them up in real table and then look them up in real table and then look them up in real
time. This means that when you're time. This means that when you're time. This means that when you're
processing some requests, when you're processing some requests, when you're processing some requests, when you're
asking something, the model can store asking something, the model can store asking something, the model can store
their knowledge not just across the their knowledge not just across the their knowledge not just across the
weights, but in a very specific table. weights, but in a very specific table. weights, but in a very specific table.
And that means the model can have focus And that means the model can have focus And that means the model can have focus
on then mixing like business logic and on then mixing like business logic and on then mixing like business logic and
mixing its logic with the facts and not mixing its logic with the facts and not mixing its logic with the facts and not
worry about just remembering the facts worry about just remembering the facts worry about just remembering the facts
which is something that we noticed uh in which is something that we noticed uh in which is something that we noticed uh in
different models. You saw like very different models. You saw like very different models. You saw like very
large models and very small models like large models and very small models like large models and very small models like
Gemini Pro and Gemini Flash, right? Gemini Pro and Gemini Flash, right? Gemini Pro and Gemini Flash, right?
Google usually launched bigger and Google usually launched bigger and Google usually launched bigger and
smaller model. And the bigger model smaller model. And the bigger model smaller model. And the bigger model
knows all the facts and the smaller knows all the facts and the smaller knows all the facts and the smaller
model is fast but tends to forget them model is fast but tends to forget them model is fast but tends to forget them
because it has less weights and thus because it has less weights and thus because it has less weights and thus
less knowledge embedded into those less knowledge embedded into those less knowledge embedded into those
weights. This approach would mean that weights. This approach would mean that weights. This approach would mean that
the knowledge is put into a different the knowledge is put into a different the knowledge is put into a different
table not the weights that the model table not the weights that the model table not the weights that the model
will pull in real time from. Again, this will pull in real time from. Again, this will pull in real time from. Again, this
is a very high level overview. Matic is is a very high level overview. Matic is is a very high level overview. Matic is
way more complicated than this, but it way more complicated than this, but it way more complicated than this, but it
means that the model, even if it's a means that the model, even if it's a means that the model, even if it's a
smaller model, can have a very deep smaller model, can have a very deep smaller model, can have a very deep
insight, a very deep information about insight, a very deep information about insight, a very deep information about
facts about data that was trained on. uh facts about data that was trained on. uh facts about data that was trained on. uh
this was very like bleeding as research this was very like bleeding as research this was very like bleeding as research
but I'm seeing that this will be applied but I'm seeing that this will be applied but I'm seeing that this will be applied
in at least the next wave of LM that in at least the next wave of LM that in at least the next wave of LM that
we're going to see across the board from we're going to see across the board from we're going to see across the board from
OpenAI cloud Google uh definitely div OpenAI cloud Google uh definitely div OpenAI cloud Google uh definitely div
and we might see that we have different and we might see that we have different and we might see that we have different
lookup tables and different information lookup tables and different information lookup tables and different information
tables uh for the same model and so we tables uh for the same model and so we tables uh for the same model and so we
have the same model that specialize in have the same model that specialize in have the same model that specialize in
finance or uh biomeds or different finance or uh biomeds or different finance or uh biomeds or different
industries and you can have different industries and you can have different industries and you can have different
tables and keep the table small and tables and keep the table small and tables and keep the table small and
efficient and you might see this hyper efficient and you might see this hyper efficient and you might see this hyper
specialization of models across specialization of models across specialization of models across
industries. Again, this is a industries. Again, this is a industries. Again, this is a
informationated op an informed opinion informationated op an informed opinion informationated op an informed opinion
uh not uh a prediction but we'll see. I uh not uh a prediction but we'll see. I uh not uh a prediction but we'll see. I
think this is uh probably for the next think this is uh probably for the next think this is uh probably for the next
few months the future of LMS uh and I few months the future of LMS uh and I few months the future of LMS uh and I
and I'm waiting to see what deep comes and I'm waiting to see what deep comes and I'm waiting to see what deep comes
up next because again for research wise up next because again for research wise up next because again for research wise
they are really pushing the boundaries. they are really pushing the boundaries. they are really pushing the boundaries.
I mean from as you mentioned I think one I mean from as you mentioned I think one I mean from as you mentioned I think one
of the key question has always been and of the key question has always been and of the key question has always been and
the answer usually was um we need to the answer usually was um we need to the answer usually was um we need to
generate these agentic skills right the generate these agentic skills right the generate these agentic skills right the
question usually was how do we yield question usually was how do we yield question usually was how do we yield
tacid knowledge of an organization first tacid knowledge of an organization first tacid knowledge of an organization first
of all and then how do we actually of all and then how do we actually of all and then how do we actually
inject that into an agentic system we inject that into an agentic system we inject that into an agentic system we
talked about harness tools and then so talked about harness tools and then so talked about harness tools and then so
on and of course the missing element so on and of course the missing element so on and of course the missing element so
far was was the skills it usually was in far was was the skills it usually was in far was was the skills it usually was in
markdown it was like if you just reason markdown it was like if you just reason markdown it was like if you just reason
through the fact that we had to actually through the fact that we had to actually through the fact that we had to actually
prepare markdown files to then give it prepare markdown files to then give it prepare markdown files to then give it
to an agent And this is like the actual to an agent And this is like the actual to an agent And this is like the actual
de facto avenue that we're injecting de facto avenue that we're injecting de facto avenue that we're injecting
this knowledge was kind of a a funny a this knowledge was kind of a a funny a this knowledge was kind of a a funny a
funny anecdote if you ask me 2 three funny anecdote if you ask me 2 three funny anecdote if you ask me 2 three
years back but that's basically what is years back but that's basically what is years back but that's basically what is
happening now right so we have markdown happening now right so we have markdown happening now right so we have markdown
files on generating for example due files on generating for example due files on generating for example due
diligence on doing an infrastructure diligence on doing an infrastructure diligence on doing an infrastructure
project on on doing some specialized project on on doing some specialized project on on doing some specialized
model for for chemistry or for or for model for for chemistry or for or for model for for chemistry or for or for
finance for example at least if you're finance for example at least if you're finance for example at least if you're
building on large language model what building on large language model what building on large language model what
you're explaining is maybe one step you're explaining is maybe one step you're explaining is maybe one step
after this probably still somewhat after this probably still somewhat after this probably still somewhat
generic to the organiz organization if generic to the organiz organization if generic to the organiz organization if
the orc doesn't manage the lookup the orc doesn't manage the lookup the orc doesn't manage the lookup
tables. But probably it is one next tables. But probably it is one next tables. But probably it is one next
logical step maybe into a world where logical step maybe into a world where logical step maybe into a world where
there is more specialized large language there is more specialized large language there is more specialized large language
model is available as opposed to general model is available as opposed to general model is available as opposed to general
purpose one. I'm still sometimes a purpose one. I'm still sometimes a purpose one. I'm still sometimes a
little bit um well skeptical on the little bit um well skeptical on the little bit um well skeptical on the
super specialized models um because it super specialized models um because it super specialized models um because it
it kind of is it's a bit like I would it kind of is it's a bit like I would it kind of is it's a bit like I would
say fiddling out in terms of capability say fiddling out in terms of capability say fiddling out in terms of capability
maybe but certainly I'm very very open maybe but certainly I'm very very open maybe but certainly I'm very very open
to be testing multiple large language to be testing multiple large language to be testing multiple large language
models for our domain um maybe as um for models for our domain um maybe as um for models for our domain um maybe as um for
I would I would say maybe as part of the I would I would say maybe as part of the I would I would say maybe as part of the
achantic systems that are in place achantic systems that are in place achantic systems that are in place
already. So whoever is then doing the already. So whoever is then doing the already. So whoever is then doing the
the achantic work on due diligence or on the achantic work on due diligence or on the achantic work on due diligence or on
financial modeling or on risk modeling, financial modeling or on risk modeling, financial modeling or on risk modeling,
you might actually want to rely on a you might actually want to rely on a you might actually want to rely on a
cloud model that's purposely built with cloud model that's purposely built with cloud model that's purposely built with
lookup tables for finance or for risk lookup tables for finance or for risk lookup tables for finance or for risk
management or for banking. And for the management or for banking. And for the management or for banking. And for the
general purpose orchestration, tool general purpose orchestration, tool general purpose orchestration, tool
calling, web research, you might calling, web research, you might calling, web research, you might
actually look for a different model. So actually look for a different model. So actually look for a different model. So
that actually in in some really sums up that actually in in some really sums up that actually in in some really sums up
again the counter argument at the again the counter argument at the again the counter argument at the
beginning you mentioned multi- aent beginning you mentioned multi- aent beginning you mentioned multi- aent
&gt;&gt; and have one if you're not interested in &gt;&gt; and have one if you're not interested in &gt;&gt; and have one if you're not interested in
hyper specialized models and I hyper specialized models and I hyper specialized models and I
understand that uh it comes with a catch understand that uh it comes with a catch understand that uh it comes with a catch
right I mean a hyper specialized model right I mean a hyper specialized model right I mean a hyper specialized model
in finance might not have something in in finance might not have something in in finance might not have something in
healthcare and then you're doing healthcare and then you're doing healthcare and then you're doing
financial analysis of a healthcare financial analysis of a healthcare financial analysis of a healthcare
company you kind of lose on some company you kind of lose on some company you kind of lose on some
information however one other advantage information however one other advantage information however one other advantage
that this research brings is that these that this research brings is that these that this research brings is that these
models saved on compute which means for models saved on compute which means for models saved on compute which means for
the first time in a few months and we've the first time in a few months and we've the first time in a few months and we've
talked about it every single new model talked about it every single new model talked about it every single new model
was coming was coming out was coming was coming out was coming was coming out
better and smarter but also uh better and smarter but also uh better and smarter but also uh
significantly more expensive uh that was significantly more expensive uh that was significantly more expensive uh that was
being the trend because the models was being the trend because the models was being the trend because the models was
growing bigger and bigger and more growing bigger and bigger and more growing bigger and bigger and more
information and more weights and harder information and more weights and harder information and more weights and harder
to run to for compute. This means that to run to for compute. This means that to run to for compute. This means that
the first time in a few months I can the first time in a few months I can the first time in a few months I can
actually have an architecture that I can actually have an architecture that I can actually have an architecture that I can
deploy on a model on an existing deploy on a model on an existing deploy on a model on an existing
architecture and I can make the model architecture and I can make the model architecture and I can make the model
run equally as smart or even smarter for run equally as smart or even smarter for run equally as smart or even smarter for
a little less compute which makes it a a little less compute which makes it a a little less compute which makes it a
little cheaper to run which means maybe little cheaper to run which means maybe little cheaper to run which means maybe
not the exact next wave that'll come out not the exact next wave that'll come out not the exact next wave that'll come out
in the next few weeks but maybe in the in the next few weeks but maybe in the in the next few weeks but maybe in the
next month or two we will see a model next month or two we will see a model next month or two we will see a model
that is actually cheaper for the first that is actually cheaper for the first that is actually cheaper for the first
time or not. Maybe OpenAI will make uh time or not. Maybe OpenAI will make uh time or not. Maybe OpenAI will make uh
the margins better for them. Uh they do the margins better for them. Uh they do the margins better for them. Uh they do
need the money but they can run the need the money but they can run the need the money but they can run the
models uh in a cheaper way which is models uh in a cheaper way which is models uh in a cheaper way which is
better for everyone energy wise, better for everyone energy wise, better for everyone energy wise,
costwise and hopefully for the builders costwise and hopefully for the builders costwise and hopefully for the builders
they'll spend less on inference and more they'll spend less on inference and more they'll spend less on inference and more
on no marketing or any other topics that on no marketing or any other topics that on no marketing or any other topics that
they want to they want to they want to
&gt;&gt; or I mean the other way is like given &gt;&gt; or I mean the other way is like given &gt;&gt; or I mean the other way is like given
the same money spent today if it's a the same money spent today if it's a the same money spent today if it's a
more efficient model they can yield a more efficient model they can yield a more efficient model they can yield a
higher intelligent output version. So higher intelligent output version. So higher intelligent output version. So
that's a little bit the the other way to that's a little bit the the other way to that's a little bit the the other way to
look at it. Then the third way is like I look at it. Then the third way is like I look at it. Then the third way is like I
think the the latest benchmarks from think the the latest benchmarks from think the the latest benchmarks from
Nvidia and the Vera Rubin system we're Nvidia and the Vera Rubin system we're Nvidia and the Vera Rubin system we're
also showcasing in association with the also showcasing in association with the also showcasing in association with the
low latency components they now received low latency components they now received low latency components they now received
from Grock plus this multi-chip design from Grock plus this multi-chip design from Grock plus this multi-chip design
or in an entire rack. Um that again or in an entire rack. Um that again or in an entire rack. Um that again
probably the inference capabilities are probably the inference capabilities are probably the inference capabilities are
going to 10x potentially plus we have a going to 10x potentially plus we have a going to 10x potentially plus we have a
software or algorithmic uh improvement software or algorithmic uh improvement software or algorithmic uh improvement
by for example Deepseek. So 10x cheaper, by for example Deepseek. So 10x cheaper, by for example Deepseek. So 10x cheaper,
10x um faster on the chip. So it's like 10x um faster on the chip. So it's like 10x um faster on the chip. So it's like
a 100x better overall system. Of course, a 100x better overall system. Of course, a 100x better overall system. Of course,
more or less an estimate here, but more or less an estimate here, but more or less an estimate here, but
that's just to put it into perspective, that's just to put it into perspective, that's just to put it into perspective,
right? So today we're thinking Cloud right? So today we're thinking Cloud right? So today we're thinking Cloud
Opus 46 is fairly intelligent for most Opus 46 is fairly intelligent for most Opus 46 is fairly intelligent for most
tasks if it's harnessed well, has great tasks if it's harnessed well, has great tasks if it's harnessed well, has great
tools around, great connectors, and tools around, great connectors, and tools around, great connectors, and
great skills. The lookup capabilities in great skills. The lookup capabilities in great skills. The lookup capabilities in
the table you mentioned, and add better the table you mentioned, and add better the table you mentioned, and add better
compute, especially on inference. What compute, especially on inference. What compute, especially on inference. What
is a 100 times better an OPU 46? It's is a 100 times better an OPU 46? It's is a 100 times better an OPU 46? It's
not comprehensible for a human of course not comprehensible for a human of course not comprehensible for a human of course
probably is not um as linearly improved probably is not um as linearly improved probably is not um as linearly improved
then as just 100x from the today's then as just 100x from the today's then as just 100x from the today's
baseline but even if it's four or or 5x baseline but even if it's four or or 5x baseline but even if it's four or or 5x
what does that actually even mean for what does that actually even mean for what does that actually even mean for
for intelligence I think that's that's for intelligence I think that's that's for intelligence I think that's that's
really really an interesting future just really really an interesting future just really really an interesting future just
to round up the episode before we we to round up the episode before we we to round up the episode before we we
shoot um and we we need to go back to shoot um and we we need to go back to shoot um and we we need to go back to
engineering topics I quickly wanted to engineering topics I quickly wanted to engineering topics I quickly wanted to
to bring across maybe the point I've to bring across maybe the point I've to bring across maybe the point I've
tested this fairly intensely the last tested this fairly intensely the last tested this fairly intensely the last
few guys in regard to clothe dispatch few guys in regard to clothe dispatch few guys in regard to clothe dispatch
clo and this kind of computer use from clo and this kind of computer use from clo and this kind of computer use from
the phone for you guys in the audience the phone for you guys in the audience the phone for you guys in the audience
who haven't maybe tried it you can who haven't maybe tried it you can who haven't maybe tried it you can
technically steer your entire laptop or technically steer your entire laptop or technically steer your entire laptop or
your entire agent on the laptop from your entire agent on the laptop from your entire agent on the laptop from
code via your phone so that is this code via your phone so that is this code via your phone so that is this
feature that's anthropic launch called feature that's anthropic launch called feature that's anthropic launch called
dispatch the way I use it so basically I dispatch the way I use it so basically I dispatch the way I use it so basically I
have a workflow on on cloud co-work for have a workflow on on cloud co-work for have a workflow on on cloud co-work for
example or on cloud code um but let example or on cloud code um but let example or on cloud code um but let
let's leave that for for for separate let's leave that for for for separate let's leave that for for for separate
conversation So focused on on close conversation So focused on on close conversation So focused on on close
cowwork that is basically the outbound cowwork that is basically the outbound cowwork that is basically the outbound
engine um on qualified lead generation. engine um on qualified lead generation. engine um on qualified lead generation.
So what that means once you have a an So what that means once you have a an So what that means once you have a an
enta product you probably want to reach enta product you probably want to reach enta product you probably want to reach
out to your enterprises to your target out to your enterprises to your target out to your enterprises to your target
clients you have some sort of ICP ideal clients you have some sort of ICP ideal clients you have some sort of ICP ideal
customer profile and all this customer profile and all this customer profile and all this
aggregation work you can have always aggregation work you can have always aggregation work you can have always
been able to do on cloud co-work you been able to do on cloud co-work you been able to do on cloud co-work you
need integrations into for example clay need integrations into for example clay need integrations into for example clay
as a data aggregator so in other words as a data aggregator so in other words as a data aggregator so in other words
where you get the company information where you get the company information where you get the company information
from and into Apollo where it actually from and into Apollo where it actually from and into Apollo where it actually
yields the output sequence for this as yields the output sequence for this as yields the output sequence for this as
it is it was actually happening for the it is it was actually happening for the it is it was actually happening for the
last few weeks you needed clo installed last few weeks you needed clo installed last few weeks you needed clo installed
on your laptop. This saved me probably on your laptop. This saved me probably on your laptop. This saved me probably
60 or so hours per month. It is an 60 or so hours per month. It is an 60 or so hours per month. It is an
insane improvement on productivity insane improvement on productivity insane improvement on productivity
because you can simply chat with co-work because you can simply chat with co-work because you can simply chat with co-work
and it flies off and does the agentic and it flies off and does the agentic and it flies off and does the agentic
tasks. I need to do it on on clay. I tasks. I need to do it on on clay. I tasks. I need to do it on on clay. I
need to do on on Apollo. Then it need to do on on Apollo. Then it need to do on on Apollo. Then it
generates all the sequences and the generates all the sequences and the generates all the sequences and the
outreach email. Now on this batch, I can outreach email. Now on this batch, I can outreach email. Now on this batch, I can
do the same but from the phone. So in my do the same but from the phone. So in my do the same but from the phone. So in my
case, I might work on on on the laptop case, I might work on on on the laptop case, I might work on on on the laptop
doing this work and then just switch doing this work and then just switch doing this work and then just switch
off, go to the gym or go to a um a off, go to the gym or go to a um a off, go to the gym or go to a um a
client meeting on the train or something client meeting on the train or something client meeting on the train or something
similar and I can just continue working similar and I can just continue working similar and I can just continue working
like I would actually be at home and like I would actually be at home and like I would actually be at home and
it's kind of a scary moment. I share it it's kind of a scary moment. I share it it's kind of a scary moment. I share it
with a with a dear friend of mine who is with a with a dear friend of mine who is with a with a dear friend of mine who is
not too much into II. not too much into II. not too much into II.
He was also a little bit what is He was also a little bit what is He was also a little bit what is
actually happening. So you can really actually happening. So you can really actually happening. So you can really
see you can you can steer your laptop see you can you can steer your laptop see you can you can steer your laptop
for example in this sales outreach or for example in this sales outreach or for example in this sales outreach or
SDR pipeline from your phone entirely SDR pipeline from your phone entirely SDR pipeline from your phone entirely
and you can spawn agents on on your and you can spawn agents on on your and you can spawn agents on on your
laptop in your browser. Uh you can even laptop in your browser. Uh you can even laptop in your browser. Uh you can even
switch between different windows and and switch between different windows and and switch between different windows and and
stuff like this all from the phone or stuff like this all from the phone or stuff like this all from the phone or
via cloud dispatch. Is it a gamecher? via cloud dispatch. Is it a gamecher? via cloud dispatch. Is it a gamecher?
Not necessarily. But I'm even now more Not necessarily. But I'm even now more Not necessarily. But I'm even now more
forommoing that I should use cloud even forommoing that I should use cloud even forommoing that I should use cloud even
more on the phone on the laptop and more on the phone on the laptop and more on the phone on the laptop and
today I don't have it as a background today I don't have it as a background today I don't have it as a background
but usually I'm even in the background but usually I'm even in the background but usually I'm even in the background
of clothes code. So that's the rap. of clothes code. So that's the rap. of clothes code. So that's the rap.
&gt;&gt; An entropic Andropic thanks you for your &gt;&gt; An entropic Andropic thanks you for your &gt;&gt; An entropic Andropic thanks you for your
usage and for your monthly bill of usage and for your monthly bill of usage and for your monthly bill of
clothes clothes clothes
&gt;&gt; worth 200 bucks and it literally saves &gt;&gt; worth 200 bucks and it literally saves &gt;&gt; worth 200 bucks and it literally saves
me I mean this is like 200 bucks but if me I mean this is like 200 bucks but if me I mean this is like 200 bucks but if
you could translate it into the hourly you could translate it into the hourly you could translate it into the hourly
saved this is definitely worth more than saved this is definitely worth more than saved this is definitely worth more than
200 bucks. It's probably north of four 200 bucks. It's probably north of four 200 bucks. It's probably north of four
figures if you look it into an hourly figures if you look it into an hourly figures if you look it into an hourly
rate. rate. rate.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that that was it for for the &gt;&gt; Yeah, that that was it for for the &gt;&gt; Yeah, that that was it for for the
episode everybody. Episode 46. Brief um episode everybody. Episode 46. Brief um episode everybody. Episode 46. Brief um
drill down into again a chantic drill down into again a chantic drill down into again a chantic
harnesses into um some newest and latest harnesses into um some newest and latest harnesses into um some newest and latest
research of Deep Seek. Something we research of Deep Seek. Something we research of Deep Seek. Something we
maybe actually are seeing more and more maybe actually are seeing more and more maybe actually are seeing more and more
in the latest models and just our best in the latest models and just our best in the latest models and just our best
view on Dispatch and on co-work. view on Dispatch and on co-work. view on Dispatch and on co-work.
Anything else to add, Chu, for today's Anything else to add, Chu, for today's Anything else to add, Chu, for today's
episode? episode? episode?
&gt;&gt; Uh, no. So far, I mean, I I'm still &gt;&gt; Uh, no. So far, I mean, I I'm still &gt;&gt; Uh, no. So far, I mean, I I'm still
looking at new research. We'll probably looking at new research. We'll probably looking at new research. We'll probably
bring it in next episode. Uh, we still bring it in next episode. Uh, we still bring it in next episode. Uh, we still
have some news from Nvidia that they're have some news from Nvidia that they're have some news from Nvidia that they're
also using AI, but they're not being as also using AI, but they're not being as also using AI, but they're not being as
loved uh by the by the customers because loved uh by the by the customers because loved uh by the by the customers because
people are getting used to what AI looks people are getting used to what AI looks people are getting used to what AI looks
like. And when they see a slop, they like. And when they see a slop, they like. And when they see a slop, they
recognize it as AI slot. But we'll leave recognize it as AI slot. But we'll leave recognize it as AI slot. But we'll leave
it for next episode. Uh, we don't want it for next episode. Uh, we don't want it for next episode. Uh, we don't want
to keep you too long. So, see you next to keep you too long. So, see you next to keep you too long. So, see you next
week. All righty. See you in the next week. All righty. See you in the next week. All righty. See you in the next
week and have a good week. Take care. 