you have to approach this from the you have to approach this from the
perspective of an agent. Um, that's perspective of an agent. Um, that's perspective of an agent. Um, that's
where the empath part comes from. Uh, where the empath part comes from. Uh, where the empath part comes from. Uh,
the factory, that's what I've been the factory, that's what I've been the factory, that's what I've been
hearing it called, uh, harness hearing it called, uh, harness hearing it called, uh, harness
engineering, yada yada. I do think that engineering, yada yada. I do think that engineering, yada yada. I do think that
the factory-l like model will be the the factory-l like model will be the the factory-l like model will be the
process in the future. That's what I'm process in the future. That's what I'm process in the future. That's what I'm
seeing already from my team and from seeing already from my team and from seeing already from my team and from
other teams as well. And for the most other teams as well. And for the most other teams as well. And for the most
part, everyone has, it's funny, like a part, everyone has, it's funny, like a part, everyone has, it's funny, like a
lot of people have gone to the same spot lot of people have gone to the same spot lot of people have gone to the same spot
that have never met each other or that that have never met each other or that that have never met each other or that
have not spoken. Like even myself when have not spoken. Like even myself when have not spoken. Like even myself when
I'm on X I talk to people oh we both I'm on X I talk to people oh we both I'm on X I talk to people oh we both
arrive at the same conclusion and we arrive at the same conclusion and we arrive at the same conclusion and we
like we didn't discuss it so I think like we didn't discuss it so I think like we didn't discuss it so I think
this pattern will be repeating in the this pattern will be repeating in the this pattern will be repeating in the
industry uh but industry uh but industry uh but
that's more of a aside anyways okay so that's more of a aside anyways okay so that's more of a aside anyways okay so
jumping in agentic factory coding from jumping in agentic factory coding from jumping in agentic factory coding from
first principles as an empath first principles as an empath first principles as an empath
and again AI kind of slopped me but bear and again AI kind of slopped me but bear and again AI kind of slopped me but bear
with me uh so the the the core for workflow. uh so the the the core for workflow.
There's a there's a lot of this and I There's a there's a lot of this and I There's a there's a lot of this and I
spent again I spent like a year teaching spent again I spent like a year teaching spent again I spent like a year teaching
a bunch of people this type of things a bunch of people this type of things a bunch of people this type of things
and it took a while for it to click and it took a while for it to click and it took a while for it to click
through. But once you do click it, once through. But once you do click it, once through. But once you do click it, once
it does make sense to you, you'll be it does make sense to you, you'll be it does make sense to you, you'll be
able to spin up a lot of stuff and you able to spin up a lot of stuff and you able to spin up a lot of stuff and you
will be able to like easily operate. will be able to like easily operate. will be able to like easily operate.
Like I have I usually always have at Like I have I usually always have at Like I have I usually always have at
least three code agents going. I have least three code agents going. I have least three code agents going. I have
one that's constantly doing research, one that's constantly doing research, one that's constantly doing research,
one that is constantly, you know, one that is constantly, you know, one that is constantly, you know,
cleaning stuff up, and then like my main cleaning stuff up, and then like my main cleaning stuff up, and then like my main
workflow that's in the middle. Um, but workflow that's in the middle. Um, but workflow that's in the middle. Um, but
at first it was a bit of a, you know, at first it was a bit of a, you know, at first it was a bit of a, you know,
weird weird weird
mental state to get into, um, because I mental state to get into, um, because I mental state to get into, um, because I
usually would just have my editor open usually would just have my editor open usually would just have my editor open
and just one terminal. Uh, but now I can and just one terminal. Uh, but now I can and just one terminal. Uh, but now I can
easily just jump between tabs and it easily just jump between tabs and it easily just jump between tabs and it
doesn't mess me up. But it does take a doesn't mess me up. But it does take a doesn't mess me up. But it does take a
bit, but the core of it is this. It's bit, but the core of it is this. It's bit, but the core of it is this. It's
the the the
research, planning, and the actual research, planning, and the actual research, planning, and the actual
execution. And we'll go over this in execution. And we'll go over this in execution. And we'll go over this in
more detail, but this is the core of it. more detail, but this is the core of it. more detail, but this is the core of it.
Um, here are my actual notes. Um, here are my actual notes. Um, here are my actual notes.
So, So, So,
if we do this bigger, okay, so uh the phase one this bigger, okay, so uh the phase one
of this is the research. Uh, this is one of this is the research. Uh, this is one of this is the research. Uh, this is one
of the most important parts of the of the most important parts of the of the most important parts of the
process and the process that you should process and the process that you should process and the process that you should
probably spending the most time on. probably spending the most time on. probably spending the most time on.
research. This is usually going to mean research. This is usually going to mean research. This is usually going to mean
deploying sub agents to map out stuff. deploying sub agents to map out stuff. deploying sub agents to map out stuff.
And that's one of the biggest benefits, And that's one of the biggest benefits, And that's one of the biggest benefits,
the ability to quickly iter it deploy an the ability to quickly iter it deploy an the ability to quickly iter it deploy an
agent and say, "Hey, map out, you know, agent and say, "Hey, map out, you know, agent and say, "Hey, map out, you know,
how does the off module work?" Right? how does the off module work?" Right? how does the off module work?" Right?
Back in the day, like the first thing Back in the day, like the first thing Back in the day, like the first thing
you would do when you would hit a you would do when you would hit a you would do when you would hit a
project that was of a enterprise size, project that was of a enterprise size, project that was of a enterprise size,
you would always reach for you would always reach for you would always reach for
documentation. And if you were lucky, documentation. And if you were lucky, documentation. And if you were lucky,
you had documentation. Um, but even if you had documentation. Um, but even if you had documentation. Um, but even if
you had documentation, it was probably you had documentation, it was probably you had documentation, it was probably
outdated. it was probably a mess, right? outdated. it was probably a mess, right? outdated. it was probably a mess, right?
Nobody had taken the time to handle it. Nobody had taken the time to handle it. Nobody had taken the time to handle it.
Um, so usually I was just exploring Um, so usually I was just exploring Um, so usually I was just exploring
myself with GP with, you know, all these myself with GP with, you know, all these myself with GP with, you know, all these
tools to map stuff out. Um, now that's tools to map stuff out. Um, now that's tools to map stuff out. Um, now that's
been pretty much all replaced by the sub been pretty much all replaced by the sub been pretty much all replaced by the sub
agents. The sub aents can very quickly agents. The sub aents can very quickly agents. The sub aents can very quickly
and again the key here is like I can and again the key here is like I can and again the key here is like I can
quickly do it and iteratively it can quickly do it and iteratively it can quickly do it and iteratively it can
just go go and I might do it two three just go go and I might do it two three just go go and I might do it two three
times until I really understand what is times until I really understand what is times until I really understand what is
happening. Um, and the agent is mostly happening. Um, and the agent is mostly happening. Um, and the agent is mostly
doing what you would do regularly, doing what you would do regularly, doing what you would do regularly,
right? It's globbing, it's scrapping, right? It's globbing, it's scrapping, right? It's globbing, it's scrapping,
it's reading. The difference is it can it's reading. The difference is it can it's reading. The difference is it can
do it in minutes where it would take you do it in minutes where it would take you do it in minutes where it would take you
much longer. much longer. much longer.
Um, on top of that, the research also Um, on top of that, the research also Um, on top of that, the research also
usually involves web searching. So, for usually involves web searching. So, for usually involves web searching. So, for
example, if I'm using a new library, if example, if I'm using a new library, if example, if I'm using a new library, if
I'm using a technology that I'm not as I'm using a technology that I'm not as I'm using a technology that I'm not as
familiar with it, I will have it either familiar with it, I will have it either familiar with it, I will have it either
Google or I'll just straight up give it Google or I'll just straight up give it Google or I'll just straight up give it
the link to the documentation and say, the link to the documentation and say, the link to the documentation and say,
"Hey, go read this." Uh, we were talking "Hey, go read this." Uh, we were talking "Hey, go read this." Uh, we were talking
about MCPS. So, I'm not a fan of MCPS about MCPS. So, I'm not a fan of MCPS about MCPS. So, I'm not a fan of MCPS
mostly. Um, but I do use two. I use the mostly. Um, but I do use two. I use the mostly. Um, but I do use two. I use the
Exa web search and they also have an Exa Exa web search and they also have an Exa Exa web search and they also have an Exa
code search which will try to find the code search which will try to find the code search which will try to find the
most updated documentation on popular most updated documentation on popular most updated documentation on popular
libraries. So, for example, you're libraries. So, for example, you're libraries. So, for example, you're
probably using React, right? It will go probably using React, right? It will go probably using React, right? It will go
and grab all the latest React and grab all the latest React and grab all the latest React
documentation. And Context 7, documentation. And Context 7, documentation. And Context 7,
they do they do they do
a similar thing, but they both really a similar thing, but they both really a similar thing, but they both really
build off the web research. That's build off the web research. That's build off the web research. That's
pretty much what they're doing. Uh, pretty much what they're doing. Uh, pretty much what they're doing. Uh,
these are just kind of dedicated tools these are just kind of dedicated tools these are just kind of dedicated tools
that I've used quite a bit and they are that I've used quite a bit and they are that I've used quite a bit and they are
the most effective ones that I've used. the most effective ones that I've used. the most effective ones that I've used.
There's a bunch of these and you could There's a bunch of these and you could There's a bunch of these and you could
probably just do it with just Exa probably just do it with just Exa probably just do it with just Exa
itself, but these two tools have been itself, but these two tools have been itself, but these two tools have been
effective for me. So, all of this to effective for me. So, all of this to effective for me. So, all of this to
say, you still need to really manually say, you still need to really manually say, you still need to really manually
review it. Um, it's probably the biggest review it. Um, it's probably the biggest review it. Um, it's probably the biggest
issues that I've had uh both at work and issues that I've had uh both at work and issues that I've had uh both at work and
just in general. A lot of people that just in general. A lot of people that just in general. A lot of people that
once they finally do get this clicked once they finally do get this clicked once they finally do get this clicked
and once they do lock in it's like okay and once they do lock in it's like okay and once they do lock in it's like okay
they start to treat the agent as they start to treat the agent as they start to treat the agent as
concrete and none of this will work if concrete and none of this will work if concrete and none of this will work if
this is if this phase is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up like this is if this phase is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up like this is if this phase is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up like
your entire next phase is going to be your entire next phase is going to be your entire next phase is going to be
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up. Next one will be [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up. Next one will be [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up. Next one will be [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up
and then you don't want to let this and then you don't want to let this and then you don't want to let this
slide through because it'll just keep slide through because it'll just keep slide through because it'll just keep
building on top of each other. And it's building on top of each other. And it's building on top of each other. And it's
very easy to sloppy a codebase. You can very easy to sloppy a codebase. You can very easy to sloppy a codebase. You can
pretty much destroy a codebase within a pretty much destroy a codebase within a pretty much destroy a codebase within a
week if you allow it to because the code week if you allow it to because the code week if you allow it to because the code
agents let you move so fast. So all of agents let you move so fast. So all of agents let you move so fast. So all of
this to say you have to have to have to this to say you have to have to have to this to say you have to have to have to
review this manually or I will kill you review this manually or I will kill you review this manually or I will kill you
because this this this is the foundation because this this this is the foundation because this this this is the foundation
of your entire workflow. Um so research you get the idea. Yeah, Um so research you get the idea. Yeah,
this is terrible. Um but yeah, I'll just this is terrible. Um but yeah, I'll just this is terrible. Um but yeah, I'll just
I'll show an actual example. So you you
I don't use cloud anymore but I will I don't use cloud anymore but I will I don't use cloud anymore but I will
still use clot code and I'll show still use clot code and I'll show still use clot code and I'll show
another one as well. another one as well. another one as well.
Uh so I have a research workflow that I Uh so I have a research workflow that I Uh so I have a research workflow that I
use now and it's uh let's see yeah so use now and it's uh let's see yeah so use now and it's uh let's see yeah so
it's a command. Um these are becoming it's a command. Um these are becoming it's a command. Um these are becoming
kind of the same thing. Um, back in the kind of the same thing. Um, back in the kind of the same thing. Um, back in the
day, the code agents could not reliably day, the code agents could not reliably day, the code agents could not reliably
go and say, "Hey, I want you to do X." go and say, "Hey, I want you to do X." go and say, "Hey, I want you to do X."
So, uh, Claude Code made a feature where So, uh, Claude Code made a feature where So, uh, Claude Code made a feature where
it was a slash command. You can say it was a slash command. You can say it was a slash command. You can say
slash. It would inject a prompt and then slash. It would inject a prompt and then slash. It would inject a prompt and then
you would feed it whatever you wanted to you would feed it whatever you wanted to you would feed it whatever you wanted to
do. So, this is what I was doing do. So, this is what I was doing do. So, this is what I was doing
originally. I'll show what I was doing originally. I'll show what I was doing originally. I'll show what I was doing
now mostly on the other side. But I'll now mostly on the other side. But I'll now mostly on the other side. But I'll
say something like u map out say something like u map out say something like u map out
map out the let's say map out the let's say map out the let's say
system prompt system prompt system prompt
and the skill the action and the skill the action and the skill the action
you could if you're using even like you could if you're using even like you could if you're using even like
something like code codeex 5.2 high you something like code codeex 5.2 high you something like code codeex 5.2 high you
probably just straight up ask it to do probably just straight up ask it to do probably just straight up ask it to do
this. Um but this is the one that I'm this. Um but this is the one that I'm this. Um but this is the one that I'm
most comfortable with. I'm able to say most comfortable with. I'm able to say most comfortable with. I'm able to say
hey hey hey
here's my here's my here's my
question query whatever you want to call question query whatever you want to call question query whatever you want to call
it. Uh, it's going to spin up three sub it. Uh, it's going to spin up three sub it. Uh, it's going to spin up three sub
aents. So, locator, analyzer, and aents. So, locator, analyzer, and aents. So, locator, analyzer, and
synthesis. And I'm just strictly synthesis. And I'm just strictly synthesis. And I'm just strictly
interested in what it finds. I don't interested in what it finds. I don't interested in what it finds. I don't
care about possible solutions. I don't care about possible solutions. I don't care about possible solutions. I don't
care about this looks off like I just care about this looks off like I just care about this looks off like I just
it's sole role of this phase is to do it's sole role of this phase is to do it's sole role of this phase is to do
this research. And I also have a skill this research. And I also have a skill this research. And I also have a skill
that I use a lot now. So let's say that I use a lot now. So let's say that I use a lot now. So let's say
something like use something like use something like use
the codebased the codebased the codebased
research research research
skill and map out skill and map out skill and map out
the agent configs. the agent configs. the agent configs.
Now this is GLM 5. Um it's pretty good Now this is GLM 5. Um it's pretty good Now this is GLM 5. Um it's pretty good
from my testing but it might not always from my testing but it might not always from my testing but it might not always
use it. Okay. Yeah. So you can see here use it. Okay. Yeah. So you can see here use it. Okay. Yeah. So you can see here
on open code on most code agents cloud on open code on most code agents cloud on open code on most code agents cloud
code as well it will tell you like hey code as well it will tell you like hey code as well it will tell you like hey
we've loaded up this skill to let you we've loaded up this skill to let you we've loaded up this skill to let you
know it's being used and the research know it's being used and the research know it's being used and the research
skill it's pretty much the same thing skill it's pretty much the same thing skill it's pretty much the same thing
just a little bit tweaked. So you can just a little bit tweaked. So you can just a little bit tweaked. So you can
you can see here it's spinning up three you can see here it's spinning up three you can see here it's spinning up three
sub agents. You can see that they're sub agents. You can see that they're sub agents. You can see that they're
already like trying to glob and gp. So already like trying to glob and gp. So already like trying to glob and gp. So
they're mapping stuff out just like you they're mapping stuff out just like you they're mapping stuff out just like you
would as a normal human with like rip would as a normal human with like rip would as a normal human with like rip
grip or whatever CLI tools you would grip or whatever CLI tools you would grip or whatever CLI tools you would
use. It's doing that, but it's doing it use. It's doing that, but it's doing it use. It's doing that, but it's doing it
all autonomous for you without any all autonomous for you without any all autonomous for you without any
input. input. input.
And this is the key right here, like And this is the key right here, like And this is the key right here, like
just mapping stuff out. And once it just mapping stuff out. And once it just mapping stuff out. And once it
finishes, it's going to show me a report finishes, it's going to show me a report finishes, it's going to show me a report
and we'll go over it. And it's your job and we'll go over it. And it's your job and we'll go over it. And it's your job
to make sure whatever it got generated to make sure whatever it got generated to make sure whatever it got generated
is correct. If something looks off, is correct. If something looks off, is correct. If something looks off,
something feels weird, don't ignore that something feels weird, don't ignore that something feels weird, don't ignore that
feeling because it's most likely your feeling because it's most likely your feeling because it's most likely your
experience coming through and saying, experience coming through and saying, experience coming through and saying,
"Hey, this looks off." Or maybe you're "Hey, this looks off." Or maybe you're "Hey, this looks off." Or maybe you're
wrong, right? Maybe you swear to God wrong, right? Maybe you swear to God wrong, right? Maybe you swear to God
that you added that module, but for the that you added that module, but for the that you added that module, but for the
reason it wasn't there. It's very reason it wasn't there. It's very reason it wasn't there. It's very
important. I cannot stress how important important. I cannot stress how important important. I cannot stress how important
this is. Uh so this is what generally all the Uh so this is what generally all the
reports look like. So uh the font reports look like. So uh the font reports look like. So uh the font
matter. So the these are enforced with matter. So the these are enforced with matter. So the these are enforced with
this same template. So everyone follows this same template. So everyone follows this same template. So everyone follows
the same template. uh that makes it the same template. uh that makes it the same template. uh that makes it
easier to read for everyone else, but easier to read for everyone else, but easier to read for everyone else, but
also this can end up becoming context also this can end up becoming context also this can end up becoming context
for yourself, right? If you were saying for yourself, right? If you were saying for yourself, right? If you were saying
like, hey, all of a sudden the off like, hey, all of a sudden the off like, hey, all of a sudden the off
module has broken, you can go back and module has broken, you can go back and module has broken, you can go back and
say, hey, what exactly did we do? You say, hey, what exactly did we do? You say, hey, what exactly did we do? You
can start mapping some of these can start mapping some of these can start mapping some of these
documents out. Um, but it's just basic documents out. Um, but it's just basic documents out. Um, but it's just basic
formatter here. And the goal here is to formatter here. And the goal here is to formatter here. And the goal here is to
map the system prompt architecture in map the system prompt architecture in map the system prompt architecture in
Tunicode, where it lives, how it's Tunicode, where it lives, how it's Tunicode, where it lives, how it's
constructed, what it includes, yada constructed, what it includes, yada constructed, what it includes, yada
yada. yada. yada.
And it can log the actions that it took. And it can log the actions that it took. And it can log the actions that it took.
Right? So for example, it tried to gp in Right? So for example, it tried to gp in Right? So for example, it tried to gp in
the in the claw directory and the source the in the claw directory and the source the in the claw directory and the source
directory. It only found it in the agent directory. It only found it in the agent directory. It only found it in the agent
config canonical and adapters. And then config canonical and adapters. And then config canonical and adapters. And then
the overall system prompt. This is the overall system prompt. This is the overall system prompt. This is
exactly where it lives. And I know for a exactly where it lives. And I know for a exactly where it lives. And I know for a
fact this is correct because I've been fact this is correct because I've been fact this is correct because I've been
obviously working on this codebase. But obviously working on this codebase. But obviously working on this codebase. But
found the system prompt. It found how it found the system prompt. It found how it found the system prompt. It found how it
constructs it. It found how it loads it, constructs it. It found how it loads it, constructs it. It found how it loads it,
how it integrates with the tools. how it integrates with the tools. how it integrates with the tools.
how it gets cached, the types, all this how it gets cached, the types, all this how it gets cached, the types, all this
stuff was mapped out 100%. Right? So stuff was mapped out 100%. Right? So stuff was mapped out 100%. Right? So
imagine, you know, it's your first day imagine, you know, it's your first day imagine, you know, it's your first day
at Tuna Industries. I say, "Hey, I need at Tuna Industries. I say, "Hey, I need at Tuna Industries. I say, "Hey, I need
you to map out how the system prompt you to map out how the system prompt you to map out how the system prompt
architecture works." Back in the day, architecture works." Back in the day, architecture works." Back in the day,
you were just doing control F or GP you were just doing control F or GP you were just doing control F or GP
hopefully. And this would take you hopefully. And this would take you hopefully. And this would take you
sometimes it would take you a day sometimes it would take you a day sometimes it would take you a day
depending on the size of the codebase. depending on the size of the codebase. depending on the size of the codebase.
Like imagine an enterprise codebase Like imagine an enterprise codebase Like imagine an enterprise codebase
that's like 500,000 lines. that's like 500,000 lines. that's like 500,000 lines.
This would have taken you a day, maybe This would have taken you a day, maybe This would have taken you a day, maybe
even half a day. But now it's done in even half a day. But now it's done in even half a day. But now it's done in
minutes. So for the most part, I can minutes. So for the most part, I can minutes. So for the most part, I can
usually trust this, especially if you're usually trust this, especially if you're usually trust this, especially if you're
using a using a using a
good model. Uh, meaning Codex, Claude, good model. Uh, meaning Codex, Claude, good model. Uh, meaning Codex, Claude,
Gemini, Kimmy Cake 2.5, and GLM 5 have Gemini, Kimmy Cake 2.5, and GLM 5 have Gemini, Kimmy Cake 2.5, and GLM 5 have
been pretty good for my testing. So, as been pretty good for my testing. So, as been pretty good for my testing. So, as
long as you're not using a really small long as you're not using a really small long as you're not using a really small
model, if you are using a small model, model, if you are using a small model, model, if you are using a small model,
you probably use one that's fine-tuned you probably use one that's fine-tuned you probably use one that's fine-tuned
for coding. For the most part, this is for coding. For the most part, this is for coding. For the most part, this is
usually accurate. Um, but I still review usually accurate. Um, but I still review usually accurate. Um, but I still review
it, right? I don't want any it, right? I don't want any it, right? I don't want any
misunderstandings. I want if anything misunderstandings. I want if anything misunderstandings. I want if anything
looks weird, anything looks off, I'm looks weird, anything looks off, I'm looks weird, anything looks off, I'm
immediately I'm just going to nuke this. immediately I'm just going to nuke this. immediately I'm just going to nuke this.
I'm not even going to look at it I'm not even going to look at it I'm not even going to look at it
anymore. I want to make sure that when I anymore. I want to make sure that when I anymore. I want to make sure that when I
pass the research prompt, I say, "Hey, pass the research prompt, I say, "Hey, pass the research prompt, I say, "Hey,
you know, don't worry about X. Don't you know, don't worry about X. Don't you know, don't worry about X. Don't
even look at it. Let's do even look at it. Let's do even look at it. Let's do
this thing instead." Um, any questions, this thing instead." Um, any questions, this thing instead." Um, any questions,
comments, or concerns? Yeah, the memory bank. All it is is a um Yeah, the memory bank. All it is is a um
I'll show you. So, it's just a directory with the the So, it's just a directory with the the
plannings, right? ly all the plans that plannings, right? ly all the plans that plannings, right? ly all the plans that
I have are here. I have are here. I have are here.
Um, and this is mostly either for Um, and this is mostly either for Um, and this is mostly either for
yourself or for your team. Um, this way yourself or for your team. Um, this way yourself or for your team. Um, this way
you can kind of some people don't track you can kind of some people don't track you can kind of some people don't track
this. Um, I think you know, anything can this. Um, I think you know, anything can this. Um, I think you know, anything can
be context. It can definitely get a bit be context. It can definitely get a bit be context. It can definitely get a bit
um, overwhelming, right? If you have a um, overwhelming, right? If you have a um, overwhelming, right? If you have a
bunch of people sharing their memory bunch of people sharing their memory bunch of people sharing their memory
banks and it's being tracked by Git. Um, banks and it's being tracked by Git. Um, banks and it's being tracked by Git. Um,
but it's worth it to keep it at least but it's worth it to keep it at least but it's worth it to keep it at least
even if you're just keeping it locally even if you're just keeping it locally even if you're just keeping it locally
because you could easily look back. And because you could easily look back. And because you could easily look back. And
for example, let's say you have a for example, let's say you have a for example, let's say you have a
research phase. You do whatever for the research phase. You do whatever for the research phase. You do whatever for the
off module. Then a week later, right, off module. Then a week later, right, off module. Then a week later, right,
the off module starts acting up. Well, the off module starts acting up. Well, the off module starts acting up. Well,
it's like, wait, what did we do? Okay, I it's like, wait, what did we do? Okay, I it's like, wait, what did we do? Okay, I
see this research phase. I see this plan see this research phase. I see this plan see this research phase. I see this plan
F. Okay, I see his execute. Here's what F. Okay, I see his execute. Here's what F. Okay, I see his execute. Here's what
they did. Now, you can still do with they did. Now, you can still do with they did. Now, you can still do with
Git, you can still do it with, you know, Git, you can still do it with, you know, Git, you can still do it with, you know,
other tools, but it just gives you a other tools, but it just gives you a other tools, but it just gives you a
little bit more context when you have a little bit more context when you have a little bit more context when you have a
similar issue or when you have something similar issue or when you have something similar issue or when you have something
that's like adjacent to it. You can that's like adjacent to it. You can that's like adjacent to it. You can
easily go back and because it's easily go back and because it's easily go back and because it's
formatted, you can easily go back and formatted, you can easily go back and formatted, you can easily go back and
say, "Hey, like where is that? Okay, I say, "Hey, like where is that? Okay, I say, "Hey, like where is that? Okay, I
see that ticket here. Boom. Um, but see that ticket here. Boom. Um, but see that ticket here. Boom. Um, but
that's all it is. It's just like a that's all it is. It's just like a that's all it is. It's just like a
little directory for your documents. So, GLM five uh did not make the So, GLM five uh did not make the
document or no, it did. Um, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] document or no, it did. Um, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] document or no, it did. Um, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
Never mind. Uh sometimes the agents this Never mind. Uh sometimes the agents this Never mind. Uh sometimes the agents this
again if you're not using Claude or again if you're not using Claude or again if you're not using Claude or
Codex they're not going to always follow Codex they're not going to always follow Codex they're not going to always follow
your prompt. For the most part Claude your prompt. For the most part Claude your prompt. For the most part Claude
and Codex tend to do a very good job and Codex tend to do a very good job and Codex tend to do a very good job
with that. Um but that was it. Once you with that. Um but that was it. Once you with that. Um but that was it. Once you
fire that off now you have an idea of fire that off now you have an idea of fire that off now you have an idea of
what you're working with. If I go to one terminal to make this a If I go to one terminal to make this a
little bit um little bit um little bit um
focused. Okay. So, I have my research. Now, I'm Okay. So, I have my research. Now, I'm
going to go into my planning and I'm going to say something like read and I'm going to say something like read
uh system even without tagging it uh system even without tagging it uh system even without tagging it
because it it loads up the uh because it loads up the prompt, it uh because it loads up the prompt, it
should be able to find it. Even if if should be able to find it. Even if if should be able to find it. Even if if
it's a older GLM model for the most part it's a older GLM model for the most part it's a older GLM model for the most part
um this because the way the command is um this because the way the command is um this because the way the command is
structured, it should be able to go and structured, it should be able to go and structured, it should be able to go and
tell what I'm talking about. So, I'm not tell what I'm talking about. So, I'm not tell what I'm talking about. So, I'm not
even going to point at it. It's going to even going to point at it. It's going to even going to point at it. It's going to
it should, you know, look at the Let's it should, you know, look at the Let's it should, you know, look at the Let's
see. Yes. So, I found it. Uh, I'm going see. Yes. So, I found it. Uh, I'm going see. Yes. So, I found it. Uh, I'm going
to say something like, um, to say something like, um, to say something like, um,
[clears throat] let's do [clears throat] let's do [clears throat] let's do
let's add prompt versioning. Right? So, let's add prompt versioning. Right? So, let's add prompt versioning. Right? So,
I've done my research, right? I took the I've done my research, right? I took the I've done my research, right? I took the
time because I'm not stupid to make sure time because I'm not stupid to make sure time because I'm not stupid to make sure
it's correct. If I if I'm unfamiliar it's correct. If I if I'm unfamiliar it's correct. If I if I'm unfamiliar
with the library, if I'm unfamiliar with with the library, if I'm unfamiliar with with the library, if I'm unfamiliar with
the technology, I'm going to throw in the technology, I'm going to throw in the technology, I'm going to throw in
some web research. Uh, but again, this some web research. Uh, but again, this some web research. Uh, but again, this
all hinges on your required all hinges on your required all hinges on your required
sorry, on your manual review, right? If sorry, on your manual review, right? If sorry, on your manual review, right? If
you have any questions, anything that you have any questions, anything that you have any questions, anything that
you're unsure of, it's worth iterating you're unsure of, it's worth iterating you're unsure of, it's worth iterating
this process at least a couple of times this process at least a couple of times this process at least a couple of times
to make sure that your research is to make sure that your research is to make sure that your research is
correct and that you really can't get correct and that you really can't get correct and that you really can't get
around it other than manual review in my around it other than manual review in my around it other than manual review in my
opinion. opinion. opinion.
Uh once you finish this, so your your Uh once you finish this, so your your Uh once you finish this, so your your
research document is done, right? You've research document is done, right? You've research document is done, right? You've
done all that. done all that. done all that.
The next phase is going to be planning. The next phase is going to be planning. The next phase is going to be planning.
Um, so couple of things. You should Um, so couple of things. You should Um, so couple of things. You should
probably want to iterate this. It still probably want to iterate this. It still probably want to iterate this. It still
needs to be reviewed manually, needs to be reviewed manually, needs to be reviewed manually,
especially at this point. Um, but a especially at this point. Um, but a especially at this point. Um, but a
couple of things to note. You want to couple of things to note. You want to couple of things to note. You want to
have all this stuff done ahead of time have all this stuff done ahead of time have all this stuff done ahead of time
for the next phase. So, you want to make for the next phase. So, you want to make for the next phase. So, you want to make
sure that you know you're in a clean, sure that you know you're in a clean, sure that you know you're in a clean,
you have a clean git. It's very you have a clean git. It's very you have a clean git. It's very
important that you outline the scope and important that you outline the scope and important that you outline the scope and
that you outline the scope for what that you outline the scope for what that you outline the scope for what
you're not doing. Code agents tend to be you're not doing. Code agents tend to be you're not doing. Code agents tend to be
very trigger happy depending on the very trigger happy depending on the very trigger happy depending on the
model. So, you have to clearly outline model. So, you have to clearly outline model. So, you have to clearly outline
the scope. You have to clearly outline the scope. You have to clearly outline the scope. You have to clearly outline
what not to touch. If you leave it to what not to touch. If you leave it to what not to touch. If you leave it to
chance or you don't clearly say, "Hey, chance or you don't clearly say, "Hey, chance or you don't clearly say, "Hey,
you know, don't touch the tool module." you know, don't touch the tool module." you know, don't touch the tool module."
Right? We're just working with the Right? We're just working with the Right? We're just working with the
prompt. Don't touch anything else. prompt. Don't touch anything else. prompt. Don't touch anything else.
Depending on the model, it will try to Depending on the model, it will try to Depending on the model, it will try to
quote unquote fix it or maybe it'll just quote unquote fix it or maybe it'll just quote unquote fix it or maybe it'll just
move it just because whatever reason. move it just because whatever reason. move it just because whatever reason.
Just outline it cleanly. Hey, we're not Just outline it cleanly. Hey, we're not Just outline it cleanly. Hey, we're not
touching this. Uh you want to make sure touching this. Uh you want to make sure touching this. Uh you want to make sure
like all your tests, all your linting, like all your tests, all your linting, like all your tests, all your linting,
all that's done ahead of time. You don't all that's done ahead of time. You don't all that's done ahead of time. You don't
want to start feeding the context window want to start feeding the context window want to start feeding the context window
some stuff that like this could probably some stuff that like this could probably some stuff that like this could probably
easy easily take up like 20k tokens. So easy easily take up like 20k tokens. So easy easily take up like 20k tokens. So
you don't want to feed this before you you don't want to feed this before you you don't want to feed this before you
want to have all this stuff ready to go want to have all this stuff ready to go want to have all this stuff ready to go
done clearly outlined. done clearly outlined. done clearly outlined.
Uh once you have the research document Uh once you have the research document Uh once you have the research document
it's up to you now to set up the I would it's up to you now to set up the I would it's up to you now to set up the I would
say it goes like the overall goal right say it goes like the overall goal right say it goes like the overall goal right
so for this we're trying to add so for this we're trying to add so for this we're trying to add
versioning to a prompt. That's the goal. versioning to a prompt. That's the goal. versioning to a prompt. That's the goal.
It's going to generate the milestones It's going to generate the milestones It's going to generate the milestones
and it's also going to generate task. and it's also going to generate task. and it's also going to generate task.
Um, this is interchangeable obviously if Um, this is interchangeable obviously if Um, this is interchangeable obviously if
you're using agile, if you're using you're using agile, if you're using you're using agile, if you're using
whatever type of um task management at whatever type of um task management at whatever type of um task management at
your your your
environment or team. Uh, but the overall environment or team. Uh, but the overall environment or team. Uh, but the overall
arching concept is the same goal, arching concept is the same goal, arching concept is the same goal,
milestone, task. The the question you milestone, task. The the question you milestone, task. The the question you
want to ask yourself when you have a want to ask yourself when you have a want to ask yourself when you have a
research document is if I handed this to research document is if I handed this to research document is if I handed this to
a junior, a junior, a junior,
can they know for sure what to do? You can they know for sure what to do? You can they know for sure what to do? You
don't want to leave vagueness. You don't don't want to leave vagueness. You don't don't want to leave vagueness. You don't
want to leave room for interpretation. want to leave room for interpretation. want to leave room for interpretation.
You need to clearly outline this for the You need to clearly outline this for the You need to clearly outline this for the
code agent to say do X. code agent to say do X. code agent to say do X.
Here's how we're going to do it. Here's Here's how we're going to do it. Here's Here's how we're going to do it. Here's
the milestones. Here's task, etc. So, the milestones. Here's task, etc. So, the milestones. Here's task, etc. So,
let's see if it finished. Um so uh so the goal here add explicit version uh so the goal here add explicit version
tracking for the system prompt and tool tracking for the system prompt and tool tracking for the system prompt and tool
prompt changes in tunic code. Um the prompt changes in tunic code. Um the prompt changes in tunic code. Um the
rest of this is kind of fluff. So rest of this is kind of fluff. So rest of this is kind of fluff. So
whenever you're going through it you whenever you're going through it you whenever you're going through it you
know this will this will serve as know this will this will serve as know this will this will serve as
context for your execution phase. So context for your execution phase. So context for your execution phase. So
it's not worth um it's not worth um it's not worth um
it's not worth keeping here. Right? You it's not worth keeping here. Right? You it's not worth keeping here. Right? You
want to when I feed this to my context want to when I feed this to my context want to when I feed this to my context
for execution, I don't need to fill all for execution, I don't need to fill all for execution, I don't need to fill all
the extra fluff of this stuff. This is the extra fluff of this stuff. This is the extra fluff of this stuff. This is
mostly just to make sure as a demo that mostly just to make sure as a demo that mostly just to make sure as a demo that
everything is right. Uh so you can see everything is right. Uh so you can see everything is right. Uh so you can see
here the scope, right? We're doing here the scope, right? We're doing here the scope, right? We're doing
version tracking for the prompt of the version tracking for the prompt of the version tracking for the prompt of the
system and the tools. Um out of scope, system and the tools. Um out of scope, system and the tools. Um out of scope,
right? So don't touch the UI. Don't right? So don't touch the UI. Don't right? So don't touch the UI. Don't
touch anything with the storage or touch anything with the storage or touch anything with the storage or
syncing. Anything with the automate syncing. Anything with the automate syncing. Anything with the automate
prompting, the multimodel prompt prompting, the multimodel prompt prompting, the multimodel prompt
variance. We're not doing that variance. We're not doing that variance. We're not doing that
whatsoever. I'm just going to straight whatsoever. I'm just going to straight whatsoever. I'm just going to straight
up delete it. Uh so here here's the up delete it. Uh so here here's the up delete it. Uh so here here's the
assumptions, right? Um version metadata assumptions, right? Um version metadata assumptions, right? Um version metadata
stored locally. I don't know what that stored locally. I don't know what that stored locally. I don't know what that
is. Yeah. So for the most part, like is. Yeah. So for the most part, like is. Yeah. So for the most part, like
this is just saying like, hey, I'm this is just saying like, hey, I'm this is just saying like, hey, I'm
assuming you're doing X. That's going to assuming you're doing X. That's going to assuming you're doing X. That's going to
lean towards the median of coding in lean towards the median of coding in lean towards the median of coding in
general. So if you have any assumptions general. So if you have any assumptions general. So if you have any assumptions
that you are not sure of or not 100% that you are not sure of or not 100% that you are not sure of or not 100%
positive, it's worth going back and positive, it's worth going back and positive, it's worth going back and
iterating to make sure that this is iterating to make sure that this is iterating to make sure that this is
correct correct correct
uh deliverable. So just what we were uh deliverable. So just what we were uh deliverable. So just what we were
talking about, right? What you're talking about, right? What you're talking about, right? What you're
actually going to be giving me when actually going to be giving me when actually going to be giving me when
you're done you're done you're done
uh preconditions. So this is what I went uh preconditions. So this is what I went uh preconditions. So this is what I went
over with the ready to execute. It's over with the ready to execute. It's over with the ready to execute. It's
very important that you do this all this very important that you do this all this very important that you do this all this
ahead of time. You don't want to feed ahead of time. You don't want to feed ahead of time. You don't want to feed
your execution agent any of that your execution agent any of that your execution agent any of that
context. That's not going to work for context. That's not going to work for context. That's not going to work for
you. and it's just going to take up you. and it's just going to take up you. and it's just going to take up
extra context. extra context. extra context.
Uh so it's going to give me a data Uh so it's going to give me a data Uh so it's going to give me a data
schema. So you see here the milestones, schema. So you see here the milestones, schema. So you see here the milestones,
the core versioning data structure. We the core versioning data structure. We the core versioning data structure. We
have one, two, three, F5 milestones. And have one, two, three, F5 milestones. And have one, two, three, F5 milestones. And
then it breaks down the task into then it breaks down the task into then it breaks down the task into
individual granular individual granular individual granular
either diffs or new files and it it has either diffs or new files and it it has either diffs or new files and it it has
relationships between the milestones. Uh relationships between the milestones. Uh relationships between the milestones. Uh
the estimate cloud loves giving the estimate cloud loves giving the estimate cloud loves giving
estimates. Uh, I should probably delete estimates. Uh, I should probably delete estimates. Uh, I should probably delete
that. It's not going to hurt, but that's that. It's not going to hurt, but that's that. It's not going to hurt, but that's
not worth mentioning. Uh, so risk not worth mentioning. Uh, so risk not worth mentioning. Uh, so risk
mitigations. So, what you know, mitigations. So, what you know, mitigations. So, what you know,
potentially what does this touch? potentially what does this touch? potentially what does this touch?
If you're working on enterprise codebase If you're working on enterprise codebase If you're working on enterprise codebase
and it has like million lines of code, and it has like million lines of code, and it has like million lines of code,
half a million lines of code, obviously, half a million lines of code, obviously, half a million lines of code, obviously,
it's very important that ideally, you it's very important that ideally, you it's very important that ideally, you
know, your codebase is nice and clean, know, your codebase is nice and clean, know, your codebase is nice and clean,
it's modular, it's professional, but it's modular, it's professional, but it's modular, it's professional, but
obviously that's not always the case, obviously that's not always the case, obviously that's not always the case,
right? You want to make sure that you're right? You want to make sure that you're right? You want to make sure that you're
aware or that Claude's aware whatever aware or that Claude's aware whatever aware or that Claude's aware whatever
model you're using that know we're model you're using that know we're model you're using that know we're
touching this off module. The off module touching this off module. The off module touching this off module. The off module
is very tightly coupled with is very tightly coupled with is very tightly coupled with
I don't know the the database account I don't know the the database account I don't know the the database account
module right stuff like that you just module right stuff like that you just module right stuff like that you just
want to outline that ahead of time for want to outline that ahead of time for want to outline that ahead of time for
cloud in case anything happens it can be cloud in case anything happens it can be cloud in case anything happens it can be
guided it cannot freak out whenever guided it cannot freak out whenever guided it cannot freak out whenever
something happens something happens something happens
uh testing. So, this is more preference uh testing. So, this is more preference uh testing. So, this is more preference
testing strategy. I make it outline what testing strategy. I make it outline what testing strategy. I make it outline what
kind of tests we're going to be doing. I kind of tests we're going to be doing. I kind of tests we're going to be doing. I
I really just don't like how most code I really just don't like how most code I really just don't like how most code
agents do test agents or tests in agents do test agents or tests in agents do test agents or tests in
general. Uh they tend to do a bunch of general. Uh they tend to do a bunch of general. Uh they tend to do a bunch of
tests. They tend to do a bunch of tests tests. They tend to do a bunch of tests tests. They tend to do a bunch of tests
that just kind of want to pass. Um but that just kind of want to pass. Um but that just kind of want to pass. Um but
that's what people do, right? So, that's that's what people do, right? So, that's that's what people do, right? So, that's
why it's doing it that way. I really why it's doing it that way. I really why it's doing it that way. I really
just like to see one test per feature just like to see one test per feature just like to see one test per feature
and I like to see negative boundary and I like to see negative boundary and I like to see negative boundary
testing to make sure that it actually testing to make sure that it actually testing to make sure that it actually
works. Um, a lot of times you'll run works. Um, a lot of times you'll run works. Um, a lot of times you'll run
into an issue where the code agent said into an issue where the code agent said into an issue where the code agent said
that made the test and the test passed. that made the test and the test passed. that made the test and the test passed.
Um, but the test is terrible. It's ass. Um, but the test is terrible. It's ass. Um, but the test is terrible. It's ass.
And like I like it doesn't matter if And like I like it doesn't matter if And like I like it doesn't matter if
it's just testing nonsense. That doesn't it's just testing nonsense. That doesn't it's just testing nonsense. That doesn't
help me. So I like to make it simple. I help me. So I like to make it simple. I help me. So I like to make it simple. I
like to have negative boundaries. like to have negative boundaries. like to have negative boundaries.
And then lastly, just the summary. And then lastly, just the summary. And then lastly, just the summary.
Nothing too exciting there. Nothing too exciting there. Nothing too exciting there.
Any questions, comments, or concerns? &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; Thank you.
Anyway, Anyway, Anyway,
so we have a so we have a so we have a
Wait, what is bozo? There two bozos in Wait, what is bozo? There two bozos in Wait, what is bozo? There two bozos in
here. That's crazy. Um, so once you have here. That's crazy. Um, so once you have here. That's crazy. Um, so once you have
your Oh, wait. Once you have your plan, your Oh, wait. Once you have your plan, your Oh, wait. Once you have your plan,
uh, now comes the phase of the uh, now comes the phase of the uh, now comes the phase of the
execution. Um, now if you've done what execution. Um, now if you've done what execution. Um, now if you've done what
you're supposed to do and you've taken you're supposed to do and you've taken you're supposed to do and you've taken
your time, you have made sure that you your time, you have made sure that you your time, you have made sure that you
know your research makes sense, you've know your research makes sense, you've know your research makes sense, you've
made sure that your planning makes made sure that your planning makes made sure that your planning makes
sense, for the most part, this is hands sense, for the most part, this is hands sense, for the most part, this is hands
off for me because I've done all the off for me because I've done all the off for me because I've done all the
work ahead of time. I've done all the work ahead of time. I've done all the work ahead of time. I've done all the
I've done all the mapping. I've done all I've done all the mapping. I've done all I've done all the mapping. I've done all
the preparation. All that is pretty much the preparation. All that is pretty much the preparation. All that is pretty much
done and I am ready to go. So if you do done and I am ready to go. So if you do done and I am ready to go. So if you do
what you're supposed to do, you follow what you're supposed to do, you follow what you're supposed to do, you follow
best practices etc. for the most part best practices etc. for the most part best practices etc. for the most part
execution is ready to go. So perfect execution is ready to go. So perfect execution is ready to go. So perfect
example right I'm going to master here example right I'm going to master here example right I'm going to master here
just as a demo but you get the idea. I'm just as a demo but you get the idea. I'm just as a demo but you get the idea. I'm
going to just quickly Okay. So before I commit, you know, I'm Okay. So before I commit, you know, I'm
running my my git. My git is clean. Um I'm gonna run my test just to make sure. I'm gonna run my test just to make sure.
Right. Uh so because the code agents Right. Uh so because the code agents Right. Uh so because the code agents
allow you to generate a tremendous allow you to generate a tremendous allow you to generate a tremendous
amount of code very quickly. Um you can amount of code very quickly. Um you can amount of code very quickly. Um you can
easily start to get a lot of slop. You easily start to get a lot of slop. You easily start to get a lot of slop. You
can easily start to you know you one of can easily start to you know you one of can easily start to you know you one of
the issues that we had when this first the issues that we had when this first the issues that we had when this first
got introduced into the team is that a got introduced into the team is that a got introduced into the team is that a
lot of people were going very fast. they lot of people were going very fast. they lot of people were going very fast. they
were, you know, branching off master, were, you know, branching off master, were, you know, branching off master,
maybe they would need to rebase later, maybe they would need to rebase later, maybe they would need to rebase later,
yada yada. Um, pretty much now the yada yada. Um, pretty much now the yada yada. Um, pretty much now the
procedure is like, hey, once you clone procedure is like, hey, once you clone procedure is like, hey, once you clone
master or branch off master main, master or branch off master main, master or branch off master main,
whatever, it's your responsibility to whatever, it's your responsibility to whatever, it's your responsibility to
make sure that everything quality gates make sure that everything quality gates make sure that everything quality gates
wise is passing. Now, it should the wise is passing. Now, it should the wise is passing. Now, it should the
actions, the CI/CD should catch all actions, the CI/CD should catch all actions, the CI/CD should catch all
that. Um, but again, especially if that. Um, but again, especially if that. Um, but again, especially if
you're new to this, it will go a million you're new to this, it will go a million you're new to this, it will go a million
miles an hour and it's very easy to let miles an hour and it's very easy to let miles an hour and it's very easy to let
stuff slip through accidentally. So just stuff slip through accidentally. So just stuff slip through accidentally. So just
hey, you know, you're good to go. hey, you know, you're good to go. hey, you know, you're good to go.
There's no issues. Boom. Execution. And There's no issues. Boom. Execution. And There's no issues. Boom. Execution. And
for the most part, that's usually 100% for the most part, that's usually 100% for the most part, that's usually 100%
hands off. Okay. Okay.
So this is your plan document. So this is your plan document. So this is your plan document.
Um I sometimes I use this tool called Um I sometimes I use this tool called Um I sometimes I use this tool called
tickets. It's a CLI tool that helps you tickets. It's a CLI tool that helps you tickets. It's a CLI tool that helps you
uh basically it's like a to-do. Uh uh basically it's like a to-do. Uh uh basically it's like a to-do. Uh
there's also a tax task master MCP there's also a tax task master MCP there's also a tax task master MCP
that's really popular. that's really popular. that's really popular.
I used to like to use this on the older I used to like to use this on the older I used to like to use this on the older
cloud models because they tend to reward cloud models because they tend to reward cloud models because they tend to reward
hack a lot. Um for the most part I don't hack a lot. Um for the most part I don't hack a lot. Um for the most part I don't
use this anymore, but I know it's still use this anymore, but I know it's still use this anymore, but I know it's still
used and it's still popular. used and it's still popular. used and it's still popular.
And you can also just straight up say, And you can also just straight up say, And you can also just straight up say,
hey, you know, release track if you get hey, you know, release track if you get hey, you know, release track if you get
that's perfectly reasonable. There's a that's perfectly reasonable. There's a that's perfectly reasonable. There's a
bunch of other tools that you can use. I bunch of other tools that you can use. I bunch of other tools that you can use. I
know there's beads that is pretty know there's beads that is pretty know there's beads that is pretty
popular. Um, and I imagine there's more, popular. Um, and I imagine there's more, popular. Um, and I imagine there's more,
but basically you can add little but basically you can add little but basically you can add little
granular task. For the most part, I tend granular task. For the most part, I tend granular task. For the most part, I tend
to keep it either as a spec document or to keep it either as a spec document or to keep it either as a spec document or
as a git issue, but this is just extra. as a git issue, but this is just extra. as a git issue, but this is just extra.
The the important part here is your The the important part here is your The the important part here is your
document. document. document.
Uh, like I mentioned, com executions are Uh, like I mentioned, com executions are Uh, like I mentioned, com executions are
pretty much hands off 100%. pretty much hands off 100%. pretty much hands off 100%.
So, let's start this. Okay, so it has full permissions. I Okay, so it has full permissions. I
bypass permissions. I'm not [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] bypass permissions. I'm not [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] bypass permissions. I'm not [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
You know, I use Git, so I don't have to You know, I use Git, so I don't have to You know, I use Git, so I don't have to
worry about this blowing up my worry about this blowing up my worry about this blowing up my
environment. Um, if you really want to environment. Um, if you really want to environment. Um, if you really want to
be, you know, paranoid, you can have a be, you know, paranoid, you can have a be, you know, paranoid, you can have a
Docker container, a, you know, sandbox Docker container, a, you know, sandbox Docker container, a, you know, sandbox
environment. Uh, that's very popular environment. Uh, that's very popular environment. Uh, that's very popular
now. I I really don't see the point for now. I I really don't see the point for now. I I really don't see the point for
my use cases. mostly because we tend to my use cases. mostly because we tend to my use cases. mostly because we tend to
work with our own infrastructure and I work with our own infrastructure and I work with our own infrastructure and I
usually have backups upon backups. So, usually have backups upon backups. So, usually have backups upon backups. So,
I'm not really concerned and I really I I'm not really concerned and I really I I'm not really concerned and I really I
mean I'm sure there's been examples of I mean I'm sure there's been examples of I mean I'm sure there's been examples of I
really haven't had a code agent go rogue really haven't had a code agent go rogue really haven't had a code agent go rogue
on me. Maybe it'll happen one day and on me. Maybe it'll happen one day and on me. Maybe it'll happen one day and
I'll learn my lesson. Uh but for the I'll learn my lesson. Uh but for the I'll learn my lesson. Uh but for the
most part, I just give it most part, I just give it most part, I just give it
all the permissions. Let it rip. I don't all the permissions. Let it rip. I don't all the permissions. Let it rip. I don't
care. The whole point of this is to care. The whole point of this is to care. The whole point of this is to
let it run autonomously. And if I have let it run autonomously. And if I have let it run autonomously. And if I have
to babysit every single every single to babysit every single every single to babysit every single every single
little edit, it kind of defeats the little edit, it kind of defeats the little edit, it kind of defeats the
purpose in my opinion. Uh so it's going purpose in my opinion. Uh so it's going purpose in my opinion. Uh so it's going
to make sure just really quickly that to make sure just really quickly that to make sure just really quickly that
we're clean and then it's going to start we're clean and then it's going to start we're clean and then it's going to start
executing. executing. executing.
Again, this really Again, this really Again, this really
you have to have to make sure that your you have to have to make sure that your you have to have to make sure that your
phases one and two are granular. They're phases one and two are granular. They're phases one and two are granular. They're
correct. There's no misunderstandings. correct. There's no misunderstandings. correct. There's no misunderstandings.
You don't want to confuse a code agent. You don't want to confuse a code agent. You don't want to confuse a code agent.
Again, the northstar is like if you Again, the northstar is like if you Again, the northstar is like if you
handed your plan to uh junior, could handed your plan to uh junior, could handed your plan to uh junior, could
they execute this 100% without having to they execute this 100% without having to they execute this 100% without having to
read anything else? That's what you read anything else? That's what you read anything else? That's what you
want. Um for myself, this is more of a want. Um for myself, this is more of a want. Um for myself, this is more of a
flavor thing, but I have it commit flavor thing, but I have it commit flavor thing, but I have it commit
between milestones. Between milestones, between milestones. Between milestones, between milestones. Between milestones,
I have it uh run a script that is I have it uh run a script that is I have it uh run a script that is
basically all the quality gates. So basically all the quality gates. So basically all the quality gates. So
think like testing uh linting think like testing uh linting think like testing uh linting
uh all the other hooks that I might have uh all the other hooks that I might have uh all the other hooks that I might have
for example like uh dependency for example like uh dependency for example like uh dependency
directions um architecture boundaries directions um architecture boundaries directions um architecture boundaries
you know making sure stuff is not trying you know making sure stuff is not trying you know making sure stuff is not trying
to leak together or if it all of a to leak together or if it all of a to leak together or if it all of a
sudden it starts to you know make its sudden it starts to you know make its sudden it starts to you know make its
own utility function completely own utility function completely own utility function completely
bypassing my dependency directions catch bypassing my dependency directions catch bypassing my dependency directions catch
that and I hide all the context from the that and I hide all the context from the that and I hide all the context from the
agents I just say hey you know basically agents I just say hey you know basically agents I just say hey you know basically
just run the gates and all I want to just run the gates and all I want to just run the gates and all I want to
know is are all my standards in line? know is are all my standards in line? know is are all my standards in line?
Yes. No. If not, it's going to just show Yes. No. If not, it's going to just show Yes. No. If not, it's going to just show
that one thing and that way I don't that one thing and that way I don't that one thing and that way I don't
overwhelm the model context window. I overwhelm the model context window. I overwhelm the model context window. I
just say, "Hey, here's what's wrong. just say, "Hey, here's what's wrong. just say, "Hey, here's what's wrong.
This was working before we started. Fix This was working before we started. Fix This was working before we started. Fix
it." And also, just as an aside, I have it." And also, just as an aside, I have it." And also, just as an aside, I have
it write down any notes or issues that I it write down any notes or issues that I it write down any notes or issues that I
might run into or that I found might run into or that I found might run into or that I found
interesting. Now, this is obviously very interesting. Now, this is obviously very interesting. Now, this is obviously very
subjective, but for the most part, most subjective, but for the most part, most subjective, but for the most part, most
models will tend to do a good job of models will tend to do a good job of models will tend to do a good job of
taking notes. taking notes. taking notes.
And you'll see that a lot once you start And you'll see that a lot once you start And you'll see that a lot once you start
using this. Okay. So, um I'll let that finish. Um Okay. So, um I'll let that finish. Um
probably don't have the time to do the probably don't have the time to do the probably don't have the time to do the
code review. Um, but it's also all is code review. Um, but it's also all is code review. Um, but it's also all is
important. But of course, the code important. But of course, the code important. But of course, the code
review, that's like the final line of review, that's like the final line of review, that's like the final line of
defense. Again, code agents let you move defense. Again, code agents let you move defense. Again, code agents let you move
very fast. And if you give this to a very fast. And if you give this to a very fast. And if you give this to a
junior, it's it's just like the monkey junior, it's it's just like the monkey junior, it's it's just like the monkey
meme with the gun. Like there's a lot of meme with the gun. Like there's a lot of meme with the gun. Like there's a lot of
damage that can be done. Wait a minute. damage that can be done. Wait a minute. damage that can be done. Wait a minute.
Hold on. This is No. Okay. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up. Hold on. This is No. Okay. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up. Hold on. This is No. Okay. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up.
One second. One second. One second.
I meant to hand it the plan document. Okay, sorry about that. Um, so this is Okay, sorry about that. Um, so this is
going to be hands off. Ask for going to be hands off. Ask for going to be hands off. Ask for
permissions. Uh, the pull request and permissions. Uh, the pull request and permissions. Uh, the pull request and
the code review. That's this is key. the code review. That's this is key. the code review. That's this is key.
It's very easy to go very fast. It's very easy to go very fast. It's very easy to go very fast.
If you let slop sip through even one If you let slop sip through even one If you let slop sip through even one
time, time, time,
you can destroy a codebase within a week you can destroy a codebase within a week you can destroy a codebase within a week
if you just add a bunch of slop. It's if you just add a bunch of slop. It's if you just add a bunch of slop. It's
not just about linting and testing, but not just about linting and testing, but not just about linting and testing, but
also just architecturally, right? The also just architecturally, right? The also just architecturally, right? The
code agents love to solve the problem in code agents love to solve the problem in code agents love to solve the problem in
a very localized way. Whereas, if you a very localized way. Whereas, if you a very localized way. Whereas, if you
know what you're doing, you shouldn't be know what you're doing, you shouldn't be know what you're doing, you shouldn't be
solving that in the architecture way, solving that in the architecture way, solving that in the architecture way,
right? you should be mapping out like right? you should be mapping out like right? you should be mapping out like
hey here's our utilities here's our hey here's our utilities here's our hey here's our utilities here's our
types hey you know here's how we handle types hey you know here's how we handle types hey you know here's how we handle
x uh you don't want to let the code x uh you don't want to let the code x uh you don't want to let the code
agent do that agent do that agent do that
uh because before you know it you'll uh because before you know it you'll uh because before you know it you'll
have a codebase that oh everyone has have a codebase that oh everyone has have a codebase that oh everyone has
written their own utility function written their own utility function written their own utility function
everyone has written their own everyone has written their own everyone has written their own
authentication functions right you want authentication functions right you want authentication functions right you want
to avoid that um so it's very important to avoid that um so it's very important to avoid that um so it's very important
that you read the diffs um I'm a big fan that you read the diffs um I'm a big fan that you read the diffs um I'm a big fan
of the delta you can spin it up and have of the delta you can spin it up and have of the delta you can spin it up and have
it not spin up it's just a CLI tool that it not spin up it's just a CLI tool that it not spin up it's just a CLI tool that
lets you very easily see the diffs um lets you very easily see the diffs um lets you very easily see the diffs um
obviously like you would in GitHub I obviously like you would in GitHub I obviously like you would in GitHub I
just prefer prefer delta as a just prefer prefer delta as a just prefer prefer delta as a
preference, but the diffs have to be preference, but the diffs have to be preference, but the diffs have to be
read. You have to make sure that there's read. You have to make sure that there's read. You have to make sure that there's
no weird slop, no weird patterns. That's no weird slop, no weird patterns. That's no weird slop, no weird patterns. That's
on you to enforce. Uh you can also use on you to enforce. Uh you can also use on you to enforce. Uh you can also use
something like code rabbit or some sort something like code rabbit or some sort something like code rabbit or some sort
of agent that reviews your pull request of agent that reviews your pull request of agent that reviews your pull request
in general. Just a second set of eyes. in general. Just a second set of eyes. in general. Just a second set of eyes.
Make sure all looks good. Make sure make Make sure all looks good. Make sure make Make sure all looks good. Make sure make
sure nothing looks off. You want to sure nothing looks off. You want to sure nothing looks off. You want to
confirm again the the speed that we're confirm again the the speed that we're confirm again the the speed that we're
going to be able to go to is much going to be able to go to is much going to be able to go to is much
faster. So it's very important. always faster. So it's very important. always faster. So it's very important. always
was, but even more now your CI/CD stuff was, but even more now your CI/CD stuff was, but even more now your CI/CD stuff
is going, your pre-commit hooks are is going, your pre-commit hooks are is going, your pre-commit hooks are
firing, your tests are actually testing firing, your tests are actually testing firing, your tests are actually testing
because one PR of slop easily turns into because one PR of slop easily turns into because one PR of slop easily turns into
10, easily turns into 100, and your code 10, easily turns into 100, and your code 10, easily turns into 100, and your code
base is destroyed. base is destroyed. base is destroyed.
Um, an interesting thing that I've done Um, an interesting thing that I've done Um, an interesting thing that I've done
recently is once we run into a situation recently is once we run into a situation recently is once we run into a situation
where we have a code review and an issue where we have a code review and an issue where we have a code review and an issue
has popped up more than once um meaning has popped up more than once um meaning has popped up more than once um meaning
for example for example for example
uh the team had different uh rough uh the team had different uh rough uh the team had different uh rough
versions right so that happened twice I versions right so that happened twice I versions right so that happened twice I
said okay we're going to add a skill the said okay we're going to add a skill the said okay we're going to add a skill the
skill will be used locally in this skill will be used locally in this skill will be used locally in this
project hey just make sure everyone's on project hey just make sure everyone's on project hey just make sure everyone's on
a safe environment have a reference file a safe environment have a reference file a safe environment have a reference file
have a script have a script have a script
And all of a sudden that issue should And all of a sudden that issue should And all of a sudden that issue should
not happen again, right? [snorts] So as not happen again, right? [snorts] So as not happen again, right? [snorts] So as
you are doing your code reviews, pull you are doing your code reviews, pull you are doing your code reviews, pull
requests that also serves as context and requests that also serves as context and requests that also serves as context and
that also serves as this like continual that also serves as this like continual that also serves as this like continual
learning. Whereas if you see a mistake, learning. Whereas if you see a mistake, learning. Whereas if you see a mistake,
you can literally just ask any code, you can literally just ask any code, you can literally just ask any code,
hey, you know, we had this issue with hey, you know, we had this issue with hey, you know, we had this issue with
our test. This has happened multiple our test. This has happened multiple our test. This has happened multiple
times now. This test is very flaky. What times now. This test is very flaky. What times now. This test is very flaky. What
is wrong? What has gone wrong in the is wrong? What has gone wrong in the is wrong? What has gone wrong in the
past? and how do we prevent it at the past? and how do we prevent it at the past? and how do we prevent it at the
code level? Um, this is very important code level? Um, this is very important code level? Um, this is very important
because all these standards need to be because all these standards need to be because all these standards need to be
enforced not only with a skill, not only enforced not only with a skill, not only enforced not only with a skill, not only
with you know yourself, documentation, with you know yourself, documentation, with you know yourself, documentation,
etc. Um, but because you have the etc. Um, but because you have the etc. Um, but because you have the
ability to go very quickly, you need to ability to go very quickly, you need to ability to go very quickly, you need to
make sure that you are make sure that you are make sure that you are
enforcing all of your standards at the enforcing all of your standards at the enforcing all of your standards at the
code level because you're not to be code level because you're not to be code level because you're not to be
trusted. Stuff just slips by. People are trusted. Stuff just slips by. People are trusted. Stuff just slips by. People are
a human. They're going to forget. You a human. They're going to forget. You a human. They're going to forget. You
have to have to make sure that that gets have to have to make sure that that gets have to have to make sure that that gets
enforced at the code level. That could enforced at the code level. That could enforced at the code level. That could
mean a test for something as simple as mean a test for something as simple as mean a test for something as simple as
your dependency directions. That could your dependency directions. That could your dependency directions. That could
be a test for I've even seen tests for be a test for I've even seen tests for be a test for I've even seen tests for
documentation. So if you have a very documentation. So if you have a very documentation. So if you have a very
important module and it uses four important module and it uses four important module and it uses four
functions, you want to say, "Hey, we functions, you want to say, "Hey, we functions, you want to say, "Hey, we
have a test. Nobody add a function. have a test. Nobody add a function. have a test. Nobody add a function.
Nobody remove function." If that fails, Nobody remove function." If that fails, Nobody remove function." If that fails,
it'll fail because the documentation it'll fail because the documentation it'll fail because the documentation
that we have, it's linked to it. And that we have, it's linked to it. And that we have, it's linked to it. And
someone added a new function. There's no someone added a new function. There's no someone added a new function. There's no
new mention of that in the new mention of that in the new mention of that in the
documentation. Fail. I want it to fail documentation. Fail. I want it to fail documentation. Fail. I want it to fail
because that because that because that
is a standard that we need to enforce is a standard that we need to enforce is a standard that we need to enforce
that because of how fast the team can go that because of how fast the team can go that because of how fast the team can go
now. Like I don't want to let anything now. Like I don't want to let anything now. Like I don't want to let anything
slip by and it has to be enforced at the slip by and it has to be enforced at the slip by and it has to be enforced at the
code level. There's a bunch of little code level. There's a bunch of little code level. There's a bunch of little
unique things you can do like that. For unique things you can do like that. For unique things you can do like that. For
the most part, you just want to make the most part, you just want to make the most part, you just want to make
sure that as problems arrive, you sure that as problems arrive, you sure that as problems arrive, you
enforce the solution at the code level. Uh so it's more of the same. So, you Uh so it's more of the same. So, you
know, reading the diffs, using something know, reading the diffs, using something know, reading the diffs, using something
like code rabbit, uh, again, enforcing like code rabbit, uh, again, enforcing like code rabbit, uh, again, enforcing
all these standards, they have to be all these standards, they have to be all these standards, they have to be
enforced at the code level, and you enforced at the code level, and you enforced at the code level, and you
could probably just get away with it could probably just get away with it could probably just get away with it
with an action or with pre-commit hooks. with an action or with pre-commit hooks. with an action or with pre-commit hooks.
Um, it's just worth bringing up because Um, it's just worth bringing up because Um, it's just worth bringing up because
that's a that's a problem that I've seen that's a that's a problem that I've seen that's a that's a problem that I've seen
a lot. Um, so this is from one of the a lot. Um, so this is from one of the a lot. Um, so this is from one of the
resources that I just shared on the resources that I just shared on the resources that I just shared on the
chat. Um, codeex openai. chat. Um, codeex openai. chat. Um, codeex openai.
Uh you'll hear this term a lot, harness Uh you'll hear this term a lot, harness Uh you'll hear this term a lot, harness
engineering, but they were able to show engineering, but they were able to show engineering, but they were able to show
how they're pretty much working 100% how they're pretty much working 100% how they're pretty much working 100%
with just code agents. There's really with just code agents. There's really with just code agents. There's really
not any more manual stuff they're doing. not any more manual stuff they're doing. not any more manual stuff they're doing.
Um but some things they noted that I Um but some things they noted that I Um but some things they noted that I
found interesting are the agents MD. A found interesting are the agents MD. A found interesting are the agents MD. A
lot of people tend to stuff their agents lot of people tend to stuff their agents lot of people tend to stuff their agents
MD or your cloud MD with a bunch of MD or your cloud MD with a bunch of MD or your cloud MD with a bunch of
stuff. And stuff. And stuff. And
for the most part, most models will just for the most part, most models will just for the most part, most models will just
either ignore it if it's too big or I either ignore it if it's too big or I either ignore it if it's too big or I
think the prompt that was leaked from think the prompt that was leaked from think the prompt that was leaked from
cloud code is like only read this cloud code is like only read this cloud code is like only read this
specific claude MD if it has to do with specific claude MD if it has to do with specific claude MD if it has to do with
the question. The problem is that that's the question. The problem is that that's the question. The problem is that that's
very subjective, right? So you want to very subjective, right? So you want to very subjective, right? So you want to
treat this almost like as a map. Um they treat this almost like as a map. Um they treat this almost like as a map. Um they
call it progressive disclosure, right? call it progressive disclosure, right? call it progressive disclosure, right?
So like, hey, here's where all our tests So like, hey, here's where all our tests So like, hey, here's where all our tests
are. Hey, we do this weird thing with are. Hey, we do this weird thing with are. Hey, we do this weird thing with
this weird version of Typescript because this weird version of Typescript because this weird version of Typescript because
we have to because of our environment, we have to because of our environment, we have to because of our environment,
stuff like that. You don't want to stuff like that. You don't want to stuff like that. You don't want to
overwhelm it. It's just more of a map to overwhelm it. It's just more of a map to overwhelm it. It's just more of a map to
find stuff, find stuff, find stuff,
etc. And it can dig deeper if you tell etc. And it can dig deeper if you tell etc. And it can dig deeper if you tell
like, "Hey, all of our docs are here. If like, "Hey, all of our docs are here. If like, "Hey, all of our docs are here. If
you need to find the specific one for you need to find the specific one for you need to find the specific one for
the setup, go look here." the setup, go look here." the setup, go look here."
Uh, number two, the honestly I kind of Uh, number two, the honestly I kind of Uh, number two, the honestly I kind of
had a hard time understanding this, but had a hard time understanding this, but had a hard time understanding this, but
from what I understand from their from what I understand from their from what I understand from their
article is that, you know, git is a and article is that, you know, git is a and article is that, you know, git is a and
this is common sense. I don't know why this is common sense. I don't know why this is common sense. I don't know why
they included, but you know, git itself they included, but you know, git itself they included, but you know, git itself
now has become documentation. Now, it now has become documentation. Now, it now has become documentation. Now, it
always was, but it's worth mentioning always was, but it's worth mentioning always was, but it's worth mentioning
something like lazygit, something like something like lazygit, something like something like lazygit, something like
um I don't know any other tools um I don't know any other tools um I don't know any other tools
honestly. Uh, the point is that git is honestly. Uh, the point is that git is honestly. Uh, the point is that git is
very important now more than ever. You very important now more than ever. You very important now more than ever. You
don't want to have huge commits. I've don't want to have huge commits. I've don't want to have huge commits. I've
effectively banned huge commits at my effectively banned huge commits at my effectively banned huge commits at my
organization because again you can go organization because again you can go organization because again you can go
very fast. I don't care how fast you go very fast. I don't care how fast you go very fast. I don't care how fast you go
if it's pure slop small commits always. if it's pure slop small commits always. if it's pure slop small commits always.
And I able to easily quickly no relog And I able to easily quickly no relog And I able to easily quickly no relog
get blame etc with lazy git because I get blame etc with lazy git because I get blame etc with lazy git because I
can just say hey here's these 10 commits can just say hey here's these 10 commits can just say hey here's these 10 commits
for these days. Okay, I see here where for these days. Okay, I see here where for these days. Okay, I see here where
they did. Okay, boom, go there. Fix that they did. Okay, boom, go there. Fix that they did. Okay, boom, go there. Fix that
issue. Versus if you let the team go, issue. Versus if you let the team go, issue. Versus if you let the team go,
you have a huge amount of code and you you have a huge amount of code and you you have a huge amount of code and you
have huge commits. It's a pain in the have huge commits. It's a pain in the have huge commits. It's a pain in the
ass to debug. It's a pain in the ass to ass to debug. It's a pain in the ass to ass to debug. It's a pain in the ass to
roll back. roll back. roll back.
Um, so this is what they were calling a Um, so this is what they were calling a Um, so this is what they were calling a
self-healing loop. And I think again a self-healing loop. And I think again a self-healing loop. And I think again a
lot of these principles people are lot of these principles people are lot of these principles people are
getting towards or coming towards getting towards or coming towards getting towards or coming towards
without interacting. And I think it's without interacting. And I think it's without interacting. And I think it's
interesting that everyone has for the interesting that everyone has for the interesting that everyone has for the
most part arrived at the same most part arrived at the same most part arrived at the same
conclusions. Uh but this is pretty much conclusions. Uh but this is pretty much conclusions. Uh but this is pretty much
just saying like hey you know you have just saying like hey you know you have just saying like hey you know you have
something like a quality gate that's something like a quality gate that's something like a quality gate that's
being enforced at the code level after being enforced at the code level after being enforced at the code level after
you commit run the llinters and this is you commit run the llinters and this is you commit run the llinters and this is
kind of what plankton from fosio shout kind of what plankton from fosio shout kind of what plankton from fosio shout
out to freaky Friday fazio the plankton out to freaky Friday fazio the plankton out to freaky Friday fazio the plankton
project is pretty much saying like hey project is pretty much saying like hey project is pretty much saying like hey
whenever cloud code does a diff run the whenever cloud code does a diff run the whenever cloud code does a diff run the
llinters hide the output just tell me if llinters hide the output just tell me if llinters hide the output just tell me if
it failed or not and if it failed tell it failed or not and if it failed tell it failed or not and if it failed tell
me why it failed that's what plankton is me why it failed that's what plankton is me why it failed that's what plankton is
doing uh they also do a lot of work with doing uh they also do a lot of work with doing uh they also do a lot of work with
the work trees and this also becomes the work trees and this also becomes the work trees and this also becomes
comes important because I I tend to spin comes important because I I tend to spin comes important because I I tend to spin
up a lot of work trees for research. So up a lot of work trees for research. So up a lot of work trees for research. So
I'll spin up, you know, five work trees, I'll spin up, you know, five work trees, I'll spin up, you know, five work trees,
fire off five agents in the background. fire off five agents in the background. fire off five agents in the background.
I don't even have to look at it. I don't I don't even have to look at it. I don't I don't even have to look at it. I don't
have to think about it. Maybe it's have to think about it. Maybe it's have to think about it. Maybe it's
complete as maybe it's useful, but for complete as maybe it's useful, but for complete as maybe it's useful, but for
the most part, I just fire these off for the most part, I just fire these off for the most part, I just fire these off for
research. And again, that's stuff that research. And again, that's stuff that research. And again, that's stuff that
would have taken me hours before. Now I would have taken me hours before. Now I would have taken me hours before. Now I
can do it within 30 minutes. can do it within 30 minutes. can do it within 30 minutes.
Um, I won't go through the rest. I think Um, I won't go through the rest. I think Um, I won't go through the rest. I think
it's kind of redundant, but you get you it's kind of redundant, but you get you it's kind of redundant, but you get you
get the gist. get the gist. get the gist.
Uh uh this is worth mentioning. So uh this is worth mentioning. So
how do I say this? Um how do I say this? Um how do I say this? Um
this always mattered but it matters now this always mattered but it matters now this always mattered but it matters now
again 10 times more. Your code base has again 10 times more. Your code base has again 10 times more. Your code base has
to be organized. Your repo has to be to be organized. Your repo has to be to be organized. Your repo has to be
organized. Um, if you just have a bunch organized. Um, if you just have a bunch organized. Um, if you just have a bunch
of random of random of random
directories with no structure, uh, no directories with no structure, uh, no directories with no structure, uh, no
modules, modules, modules,
the code agents are going to look that the code agents are going to look that the code agents are going to look that
look at that as a pattern and they're look at that as a pattern and they're look at that as a pattern and they're
going to say, "Oh, like you know, Tuna going to say, "Oh, like you know, Tuna going to say, "Oh, like you know, Tuna
didn't make any didn't make any didn't make any
directory specifically for the database. directory specifically for the database. directory specifically for the database.
We're just going to put it in the root, We're just going to put it in the root, We're just going to put it in the root,
right?" And then that'll keep building right?" And then that'll keep building right?" And then that'll keep building
on top of each other. So, it's very on top of each other. So, it's very on top of each other. So, it's very
important that your hygiene of your important that your hygiene of your important that your hygiene of your
repo. Again, it always was supposed to repo. Again, it always was supposed to repo. Again, it always was supposed to
be this way, but it's even more be this way, but it's even more be this way, but it's even more
important now because it'll look at it important now because it'll look at it important now because it'll look at it
as a pattern. And you want to make the as a pattern. And you want to make the as a pattern. And you want to make the
codebase as easy to read as possible. codebase as easy to read as possible. codebase as easy to read as possible.
Not only for humans, of course, but for Not only for humans, of course, but for Not only for humans, of course, but for
the agents because it becomes a prompt the agents because it becomes a prompt the agents because it becomes a prompt
in itself. And if your documentation is in itself. And if your documentation is in itself. And if your documentation is
outdated and five clawed code agents outdated and five clawed code agents outdated and five clawed code agents
have read it and they are working on have read it and they are working on have read it and they are working on
that that that
unorganized unorganized unorganized
or wrong information, right, you're or wrong information, right, you're or wrong information, right, you're
you're going to have a really bad time. you're going to have a really bad time. you're going to have a really bad time.
It's worth making sure you've ironed It's worth making sure you've ironed It's worth making sure you've ironed
this stuff out ahead of time to make the this stuff out ahead of time to make the this stuff out ahead of time to make the
code agents job a lot easier. code agents job a lot easier. code agents job a lot easier.
Okay. And you can see here it finished, Okay. And you can see here it finished, Okay. And you can see here it finished,
right? So, um, it did five new files. right? So, um, it did five new files. right? So, um, it did five new files.
Uh, four files were modified. Uh, four files were modified. Uh, four files were modified.
It input all my task. They have a roll It input all my task. They have a roll It input all my task. They have a roll
back, right? So, if I say, "Hey, this is back, right? So, if I say, "Hey, this is back, right? So, if I say, "Hey, this is
complete slop." I can just roll back to complete slop." I can just roll back to complete slop." I can just roll back to
the baseline because it committed. nice the baseline because it committed. nice the baseline because it committed. nice
and cleanly like I needed to, right? I and cleanly like I needed to, right? I and cleanly like I needed to, right? I
don't I'm not just going to guess what don't I'm not just going to guess what don't I'm not just going to guess what
is the action it took. I can just go is the action it took. I can just go is the action it took. I can just go
back and lazy get and look at the back and lazy get and look at the back and lazy get and look at the
commits easily. commits easily. commits easily.
Um key features that I added and also Um key features that I added and also Um key features that I added and also
just outline here what I had. So I'll just outline here what I had. So I'll just outline here what I had. So I'll
say something like open a PR say something like open a PR say something like open a PR
and then it'll be a PR that's open on and then it'll be a PR that's open on and then it'll be a PR that's open on
the project and it will have a the project and it will have a the project and it will have a
it'll have an automatically it'll have an automatically it'll have an automatically
be review with uh code rabbit and you'll be review with uh code rabbit and you'll be review with uh code rabbit and you'll
see here an example of what I mean. Uh so I'll wait for it to come through Uh so I'll wait for it to come through
but you can see here but you can see here but you can see here
uh let's see uh let's see uh let's see
uh so the pull request was opened and uh so the pull request was opened and uh so the pull request was opened and
then code rabbit went through and just then code rabbit went through and just then code rabbit went through and just
gave you a walk through. In this case it gave you a walk through. In this case it gave you a walk through. In this case it
was a pretty simple one so it didn't was a pretty simple one so it didn't was a pretty simple one so it didn't
have anything too crazy to add. Just have anything too crazy to add. Just have anything too crazy to add. Just
kind of gave me a walk through the kind of gave me a walk through the kind of gave me a walk through the
changes. Let's see something bigger. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. So you can see here, Okay. Yeah. Yeah. So you can see here,
right? It starts to outline the issues. right? It starts to outline the issues. right? It starts to outline the issues.
It'll tell like, hey, this is probably a It'll tell like, hey, this is probably a It'll tell like, hey, this is probably a
minor issue, but it's worth cleaning up minor issue, but it's worth cleaning up minor issue, but it's worth cleaning up
stuff like this as a second set of eyes. stuff like this as a second set of eyes. stuff like this as a second set of eyes.
Again, nothing's going to replace your Again, nothing's going to replace your Again, nothing's going to replace your
own common sense, but through the volume own common sense, but through the volume own common sense, but through the volume
of the code that can be generated now, of the code that can be generated now, of the code that can be generated now,
this is much more important than ever. this is much more important than ever. this is much more important than ever.
Um, I think that's pretty much it. Um, I think that's pretty much it. Um, I think that's pretty much it.
Again, [clears throat] you can Again, [clears throat] you can Again, [clears throat] you can
Sorry about that. Uh, you can go pretty Sorry about that. Uh, you can go pretty Sorry about that. Uh, you can go pretty
deep in this. Um, but all this is built deep in this. Um, but all this is built deep in this. Um, but all this is built
out this basic workflow. uh researching, out this basic workflow. uh researching, out this basic workflow. uh researching,
planning, planning, planning,
execution and code review. That is the execution and code review. That is the execution and code review. That is the
foundation of AJ Techch engineering from foundation of AJ Techch engineering from foundation of AJ Techch engineering from
first principles as an empath. Thank first principles as an empath. Thank first principles as an empath. Thank
you. 