Hello everybody and welcome back to Hello everybody and welcome back to
episode 45 of this AI podcast. In episode 45 of this AI podcast. In episode 45 of this AI podcast. In
today's episode again with me is Schwo today's episode again with me is Schwo today's episode again with me is Schwo
and we're discussing today of everything and we're discussing today of everything and we're discussing today of everything
around aic engineering. We talked about around aic engineering. We talked about around aic engineering. We talked about
harness engineering especially how you harness engineering especially how you harness engineering especially how you
actually generate these important AI actually generate these important AI actually generate these important AI
agent harnesses. And at the end of the agent harnesses. And at the end of the agent harnesses. And at the end of the
episode today we're also deep diving in episode today we're also deep diving in episode today we're also deep diving in
how do you actually look into the how do you actually look into the how do you actually look into the
pricing of these harnessed agents? How pricing of these harnessed agents? How pricing of these harnessed agents? How
do they actually create value? But how do they actually create value? But how do they actually create value? But how
do you make sure you price this do you make sure you price this do you make sure you price this
adequately for example with outputbased adequately for example with outputbased adequately for example with outputbased
pricing? But with me today again from pricing? But with me today again from pricing? But with me today again from
Lisbon, how is life doing uh in the Lisbon, how is life doing uh in the Lisbon, how is life doing uh in the
south of Europe? Uh it's good. We have south of Europe? Uh it's good. We have south of Europe? Uh it's good. We have
good weather. We have uh time and so far good weather. We have uh time and so far good weather. We have uh time and so far
things are looking pretty good. Uh things are looking pretty good. Uh things are looking pretty good. Uh
however, things are not looking that however, things are not looking that however, things are not looking that
good over at cloud servers. Uh but we'll good over at cloud servers. Uh but we'll good over at cloud servers. Uh but we'll
get in get into it uh in a few minutes. get in get into it uh in a few minutes. get in get into it uh in a few minutes.
Bad weather, bad weather on cloer Bad weather, bad weather on cloer Bad weather, bad weather on cloer
services. Everybody's vibe coding. services. Everybody's vibe coding. services. Everybody's vibe coding.
Everybody's using clothes code. Again, Everybody's using clothes code. Again, Everybody's using clothes code. Again,
my background today. But in the episode my background today. But in the episode my background today. But in the episode
today, let me quickly make the segue today, let me quickly make the segue today, let me quickly make the segue
into the first topic, which is harnessed into the first topic, which is harnessed into the first topic, which is harnessed
engineering. A few months ago, we engineering. A few months ago, we engineering. A few months ago, we
actually talked about already in regard actually talked about already in regard actually talked about already in regard
to aantic skills. So basically equipping to aantic skills. So basically equipping to aantic skills. So basically equipping
agents with context knowledge. For agents with context knowledge. For agents with context knowledge. For
example, back then it was mostly just example, back then it was mostly just example, back then it was mostly just
markdown files. in a sense, how do you markdown files. in a sense, how do you markdown files. in a sense, how do you
actually generate a great LBO model for actually generate a great LBO model for actually generate a great LBO model for
a financial agent or an Excel model in a financial agent or an Excel model in a financial agent or an Excel model in
general? This was probably a little bit general? This was probably a little bit general? This was probably a little bit
steamrolled and augmented in popularity steamrolled and augmented in popularity steamrolled and augmented in popularity
when open clothes came out and pretty when open clothes came out and pretty when open clothes came out and pretty
much the agent and actually not only much the agent and actually not only much the agent and actually not only
took specific skills from the markdown took specific skills from the markdown took specific skills from the markdown
context, but also actually also added context, but also actually also added context, but also actually also added
new memory files into markdown. And this new memory files into markdown. And this new memory files into markdown. And this
became all this like let's say a little became all this like let's say a little became all this like let's say a little
bit loose context of this completely new bit loose context of this completely new bit loose context of this completely new
Atchantic world that now we're living Atchantic world that now we're living Atchantic world that now we're living
in. But the more components that we're in. But the more components that we're in. But the more components that we're
actually adding to the agent, the more actually adding to the agent, the more actually adding to the agent, the more
complicated it is for the agent to complicated it is for the agent to complicated it is for the agent to
really orchestrate all these markdown really orchestrate all these markdown really orchestrate all these markdown
files and tools and and so on and so files and tools and and so on and so files and tools and and so on and so
forth. So that is exactly why there is forth. So that is exactly why there is forth. So that is exactly why there is
this reasoning on we need a structured this reasoning on we need a structured this reasoning on we need a structured
approach basically giving an agent a approach basically giving an agent a approach basically giving an agent a
structured harness to actually yield the structured harness to actually yield the structured harness to actually yield the
best possible output. So just in another best possible output. So just in another best possible output. So just in another
way that I usually think about it is an way that I usually think about it is an way that I usually think about it is an
ideal enchantic harness is really ideal enchantic harness is really ideal enchantic harness is really
optimized for the context for the agent optimized for the context for the agent optimized for the context for the agent
that it needs to perform in this that it needs to perform in this that it needs to perform in this
multi-step uh procedures a human multi-step uh procedures a human multi-step uh procedures a human
actually asked the agent to do. So actually asked the agent to do. So actually asked the agent to do. So
that's a little bit the way I think that's a little bit the way I think that's a little bit the way I think
about it but from your perspective show about it but from your perspective show about it but from your perspective show
how do you look into the components of how do you look into the components of how do you look into the components of
the skills and then translating that the skills and then translating that the skills and then translating that
into great harness engineering. into great harness engineering. into great harness engineering.
&gt;&gt; We started by building tools and &gt;&gt; We started by building tools and &gt;&gt; We started by building tools and
initially we had like two three four initially we had like two three four initially we had like two three four
tools and that was good enough. uh you tools and that was good enough. uh you tools and that was good enough. uh you
had a tool to search through files, one had a tool to search through files, one had a tool to search through files, one
tool to go online uh and maybe if you tool to go online uh and maybe if you tool to go online uh and maybe if you
were adding let's say a word document, were adding let's say a word document, were adding let's say a word document,
you had some kind of tool to read the you had some kind of tool to read the you had some kind of tool to read the
word document and some other tool to uh word document and some other tool to uh word document and some other tool to uh
edit it, make changes, text, whatever. edit it, make changes, text, whatever. edit it, make changes, text, whatever.
However, as time went on, we demand more However, as time went on, we demand more However, as time went on, we demand more
and more from the agents. And so now and more from the agents. And so now and more from the agents. And so now
we're upwards of 50 60 sometimes and we're upwards of 50 60 sometimes and we're upwards of 50 60 sometimes and
something tools for the agent and we're something tools for the agent and we're something tools for the agent and we're
now moved into grouping these tools as now moved into grouping these tools as now moved into grouping these tools as
toolkits as skills. skills is, I think, toolkits as skills. skills is, I think, toolkits as skills. skills is, I think,
a better name for it because it's not a better name for it because it's not a better name for it because it's not
just a group of tools, but also some just a group of tools, but also some just a group of tools, but also some
instructions on how to use them. Uh, if instructions on how to use them. Uh, if instructions on how to use them. Uh, if
you're messing up with Word, you know, you're messing up with Word, you know, you're messing up with Word, you know,
how to edit the word, what the style of how to edit the word, what the style of how to edit the word, what the style of
the document that you're writing in the document that you're writing in the document that you're writing in
should be. Uh, all that kind of should be. Uh, all that kind of should be. Uh, all that kind of
information is not just a tool, but also information is not just a tool, but also information is not just a tool, but also
usually some markdown file. Markdown is usually some markdown file. Markdown is usually some markdown file. Markdown is
a bit of a constant uh with this kind of a bit of a constant uh with this kind of a bit of a constant uh with this kind of
models. and you group them together models. and you group them together models. and you group them together
those kind of tools and those those kind of tools and those those kind of tools and those
instructions and you build up the skills instructions and you build up the skills instructions and you build up the skills
because we quickly realized for the because we quickly realized for the because we quickly realized for the
things want to do especially I'd say things want to do especially I'd say things want to do especially I'd say
coding agents are one of the most famous coding agents are one of the most famous coding agents are one of the most famous
types of agents they're very types of agents they're very types of agents they're very
welldeveloped and pretty popular by then welldeveloped and pretty popular by then welldeveloped and pretty popular by then
across the board in all developers you across the board in all developers you across the board in all developers you
can easily have upwards ofund and can easily have upwards ofund and can easily have upwards ofund and
something tools available to your agent something tools available to your agent something tools available to your agent
that becomes extremely hard for the that becomes extremely hard for the that becomes extremely hard for the
agent when he's trying to implement a agent when he's trying to implement a agent when he's trying to implement a
new button implement a new feature on new button implement a new feature on new button implement a new feature on
your site and suddenly they has to read your site and suddenly they has to read your site and suddenly they has to read
over 100 tool descriptions and decide over 100 tool descriptions and decide over 100 tool descriptions and decide
what tool should be best used for this what tool should be best used for this what tool should be best used for this
kind of job. Uh maybe a sequence of kind of job. Uh maybe a sequence of kind of job. Uh maybe a sequence of
tools. So we have to start grouping them tools. So we have to start grouping them tools. So we have to start grouping them
into toolkits or skills and then into toolkits or skills and then into toolkits or skills and then
selectively let's say we have a toolkit selectively let's say we have a toolkit selectively let's say we have a toolkit
just for browsing the web and that's just for browsing the web and that's just for browsing the web and that's
just instructions on how the searches just instructions on how the searches just instructions on how the searches
should be some tools on different APIs should be some tools on different APIs should be some tools on different APIs
different places to search the web on different places to search the web on different places to search the web on
some places to search documentation on some places to search documentation on some places to search documentation on
the platform that you're using and you the platform that you're using and you the platform that you're using and you
group them uh so that the agent does not group them uh so that the agent does not group them uh so that the agent does not
have the hund and something tools right have the hund and something tools right have the hund and something tools right
way available to it but it can search way available to it but it can search way available to it but it can search
and activate skills accordingly. So if and activate skills accordingly. So if and activate skills accordingly. So if
you ask something, hey what is the best you ask something, hey what is the best you ask something, hey what is the best
way to or what is the best framework I way to or what is the best framework I way to or what is the best framework I
can use for this? It knows that it has can use for this? It knows that it has can use for this? It knows that it has
to search somewhere. It has a skill it to search somewhere. It has a skill it to search somewhere. It has a skill it
can activate. It sees a skill about can activate. It sees a skill about can activate. It sees a skill about
searching the web. It activates that searching the web. It activates that searching the web. It activates that
skill and only then it can see the four skill and only then it can see the four skill and only then it can see the four
or five different tools and some or five different tools and some or five different tools and some
instructions on how to search the web. instructions on how to search the web. instructions on how to search the web.
This is how you do content engineering This is how you do content engineering This is how you do content engineering
so that you don't spam the agent with so that you don't spam the agent with so that you don't spam the agent with
all the possible tools and all the all the possible tools and all the all the possible tools and all the
possible buttons it can press. Um and possible buttons it can press. Um and possible buttons it can press. Um and
you get the best results. Maybe just to you get the best results. Maybe just to you get the best results. Maybe just to
to roll up this very briefly. So we came to roll up this very briefly. So we came to roll up this very briefly. So we came
from prompt engineering which is from prompt engineering which is from prompt engineering which is
basically this very simplistic form of basically this very simplistic form of basically this very simplistic form of
optimizing the input of a of a large optimizing the input of a of a large optimizing the input of a of a large
language model um to then context language model um to then context language model um to then context
engineering which is then optimizing engineering which is then optimizing engineering which is then optimizing
basically the input of the context basically the input of the context basically the input of the context
window. You don't want to give the model window. You don't want to give the model window. You don't want to give the model
all the trash that you can possibly find all the trash that you can possibly find all the trash that you can possibly find
lying around. Even if I see that lying around. Even if I see that lying around. Even if I see that
occasionally actually happening, let's occasionally actually happening, let's occasionally actually happening, let's
just give everything to the model and just give everything to the model and just give everything to the model and
the model should figure it out itself. the model should figure it out itself. the model should figure it out itself.
But in context engineering, um, it's a But in context engineering, um, it's a But in context engineering, um, it's a
little bit more like optimizing like a little bit more like optimizing like a little bit more like optimizing like a
human kind of workflow as well. If you human kind of workflow as well. If you human kind of workflow as well. If you
have a meeting in 30 minutes and you have a meeting in 30 minutes and you have a meeting in 30 minutes and you
would want something from a CFO like we would want something from a CFO like we would want something from a CFO like we
quickly talked before the podcast or you quickly talked before the podcast or you quickly talked before the podcast or you
want to have something from an engineer, want to have something from an engineer, want to have something from an engineer,
you don't give it everything you you don't give it everything you you don't give it everything you
possibly know on finance or everything possibly know on finance or everything possibly know on finance or everything
you possibly know on engineering. You you possibly know on engineering. You you possibly know on engineering. You
curate this context aka this 30 minute curate this context aka this 30 minute curate this context aka this 30 minute
slot you have with a human. And very slot you have with a human. And very slot you have with a human. And very
similarly in the aentic or ancient similarly in the aentic or ancient similarly in the aentic or ancient
world, you would curate the context to world, you would curate the context to world, you would curate the context to
only give it mostly relevant concepts only give it mostly relevant concepts only give it mostly relevant concepts
like for example a tool description, a like for example a tool description, a like for example a tool description, a
particular skill it needs to activate particular skill it needs to activate particular skill it needs to activate
and some other components for example and some other components for example and some other components for example
how to actually um maybe do an IP API how to actually um maybe do an IP API how to actually um maybe do an IP API
call and which one you might actually call and which one you might actually call and which one you might actually
need. There is also this let's say need. There is also this let's say need. There is also this let's say
larger array that you should also not larger array that you should also not larger array that you should also not
overcurate the context. there should overcurate the context. there should overcurate the context. there should
still be some degrees of freedom that still be some degrees of freedom that still be some degrees of freedom that
the model can somewhat have some clarity the model can somewhat have some clarity the model can somewhat have some clarity
of choice as well. And this is this of choice as well. And this is this of choice as well. And this is this
pretty much this balance that is then um pretty much this balance that is then um pretty much this balance that is then um
emphasized in this context engineering emphasized in this context engineering emphasized in this context engineering
let's say workflow that you would want let's say workflow that you would want let's say workflow that you would want
to constrain it but not too much. So you to constrain it but not too much. So you to constrain it but not too much. So you
kind of have to find this middle kind of have to find this middle kind of have to find this middle
balance. Ultimately what you're from a balance. Ultimately what you're from a balance. Ultimately what you're from a
builder perspective want to optimize is builder perspective want to optimize is builder perspective want to optimize is
of course both the intelligence or the of course both the intelligence or the of course both the intelligence or the
output the value creation of your output the value creation of your output the value creation of your
software of your chantic system for software of your chantic system for software of your chantic system for
example but at the same time you want to example but at the same time you want to example but at the same time you want to
minimize the cost you need to to use and minimize the cost you need to to use and minimize the cost you need to to use and
to deploy to yield that intelligence. So to deploy to yield that intelligence. So to deploy to yield that intelligence. So
in other words if you give too much in other words if you give too much in other words if you give too much
context that is meaningless you pay context that is meaningless you pay context that is meaningless you pay
basically tokens for no good reason. If basically tokens for no good reason. If basically tokens for no good reason. If
you don't give enough you don't yield you don't give enough you don't yield you don't give enough you don't yield
sufficient intelligence. So that's a sufficient intelligence. So that's a sufficient intelligence. So that's a
little bit this like trade-off that you little bit this like trade-off that you little bit this like trade-off that you
constantly have to do and you can give constantly have to do and you can give constantly have to do and you can give
partially of this decision back to the partially of this decision back to the partially of this decision back to the
model but not everything. So that's model but not everything. So that's model but not everything. So that's
that's the world of context engineering. that's the world of context engineering. that's the world of context engineering.
In harness engineering, it basically In harness engineering, it basically In harness engineering, it basically
takes the whole world one step further. takes the whole world one step further. takes the whole world one step further.
And we're trying to basically enable the And we're trying to basically enable the And we're trying to basically enable the
value creation by putting this harness value creation by putting this harness value creation by putting this harness
around an agent around a large language around an agent around a large language around an agent around a large language
model or maybe a multitude of them for model or maybe a multitude of them for model or maybe a multitude of them for
it to then be optimally set up for it to then be optimally set up for it to then be optimally set up for
example to be a coding agent, to be a example to be a coding agent, to be a example to be a coding agent, to be a
financial analyst agent, to be a due financial analyst agent, to be a due financial analyst agent, to be a due
diligence agent, a legal agent or an diligence agent, a legal agent or an diligence agent, a legal agent or an
agent in a call center. So you would agent in a call center. So you would agent in a call center. So you would
basically curate the world around an basically curate the world around an basically curate the world around an
agent in that particular case that might agent in that particular case that might agent in that particular case that might
as you mentioned perfectly show include as you mentioned perfectly show include as you mentioned perfectly show include
tools, include skills, include API, um tools, include skills, include API, um tools, include skills, include API, um
include any other component that you include any other component that you include any other component that you
might actually need. Is there any might actually need. Is there any might actually need. Is there any
particular way what you would be saying particular way what you would be saying particular way what you would be saying
for example taking financial analyst for example taking financial analyst for example taking financial analyst
agents as an example where a harness has agents as an example where a harness has agents as an example where a harness has
to have to yield a good agent? to have to yield a good agent? to have to yield a good agent?
&gt;&gt; Uh you can have a rundown of the usual &gt;&gt; Uh you can have a rundown of the usual &gt;&gt; Uh you can have a rundown of the usual
tasks you do if you're doing the task tasks you do if you're doing the task tasks you do if you're doing the task
yourself. Uh but the idea is never show yourself. Uh but the idea is never show yourself. Uh but the idea is never show
the agent more than I'd say 30 tools uh the agent more than I'd say 30 tools uh the agent more than I'd say 30 tools uh
at one single time. So usually for at one single time. So usually for at one single time. So usually for
financial analysis you need something to financial analysis you need something to financial analysis you need something to
uh search the documentation, search some uh search the documentation, search some uh search the documentation, search some
files you have about the doc the company files you have about the doc the company files you have about the doc the company
you're evaluating about the market you're evaluating about the market you're evaluating about the market
you're uh investing or or playing around you're uh investing or or playing around you're uh investing or or playing around
in. Uh and also some tools to go online. in. Uh and also some tools to go online. in. Uh and also some tools to go online.
But you also need some tools and some But you also need some tools and some But you also need some tools and some
skill to maybe write down the report. uh skill to maybe write down the report. uh skill to maybe write down the report. uh
if you're writing a report then some if you're writing a report then some if you're writing a report then some
skill to actually write into a word skill to actually write into a word skill to actually write into a word
document or it's a text document some document or it's a text document some document or it's a text document some
instructions on how the document should instructions on how the document should instructions on how the document should
be uh parsed how the formatting should be uh parsed how the formatting should be uh parsed how the formatting should
be because be because be because
it is for the best and it is somewhat it is for the best and it is somewhat it is for the best and it is somewhat
simple to instruct JSON to write the way simple to instruct JSON to write the way simple to instruct JSON to write the way
you want it to otherwise you're going to you want it to otherwise you're going to you want it to otherwise you're going to
have multiple iterations and it's going have multiple iterations and it's going have multiple iterations and it's going
to cost you extra more money and so you to cost you extra more money and so you to cost you extra more money and so you
build up these skills and you try to build up these skills and you try to build up these skills and you try to
group them mentally and a skill is group them mentally and a skill is group them mentally and a skill is
getting information is research getting information is research getting information is research
basically and how to do research and the basically and how to do research and the basically and how to do research and the
tools that you need to do that research tools that you need to do that research tools that you need to do that research
either in the documents or online. either in the documents or online. either in the documents or online.
Another tool is another tool set is Another tool is another tool set is Another tool is another tool set is
writing and creating the report. Maybe writing and creating the report. Maybe writing and creating the report. Maybe
it's creating a financial model in Excel it's creating a financial model in Excel it's creating a financial model in Excel
and you need some tools to actually play and you need some tools to actually play and you need some tools to actually play
around with Excel. Read the Excel and around with Excel. Read the Excel and around with Excel. Read the Excel and
how some instructions on how the Excel how some instructions on how the Excel how some instructions on how the Excel
should be formatted, the formulas that should be formatted, the formulas that should be formatted, the formulas that
you should be using. So, group them into you should be using. So, group them into you should be using. So, group them into
these toolkits or skills and then have a these toolkits or skills and then have a these toolkits or skills and then have a
brief description of the overall skill. brief description of the overall skill. brief description of the overall skill.
So one skill could be here's how you So one skill could be here's how you So one skill could be here's how you
should interact with Axel. Uh and the should interact with Axel. Uh and the should interact with Axel. Uh and the
another skill should be here's how you another skill should be here's how you another skill should be here's how you
do research. And whatever task that you do research. And whatever task that you do research. And whatever task that you
give the agent, you can then activate give the agent, you can then activate give the agent, you can then activate
those skills. And only if it activates those skills. And only if it activates those skills. And only if it activates
those skills, then it can see the tools those skills, then it can see the tools those skills, then it can see the tools
related to it, the extractions related related to it, the extractions related related to it, the extractions related
to it. That means you can have a 100 to it. That means you can have a 100 to it. That means you can have a 100
plus tools, but you don't have to show plus tools, but you don't have to show plus tools, but you don't have to show
them all the time. The agent can them all the time. The agent can them all the time. The agent can
actually go and search for the tools actually go and search for the tools actually go and search for the tools
that you have available to then use that you have available to then use that you have available to then use
them. uh you might have to wait a couple them. uh you might have to wait a couple them. uh you might have to wait a couple
more seconds because instead of having more seconds because instead of having more seconds because instead of having
the tools right away available they has the tools right away available they has the tools right away available they has
to search for them. It's a roundway trip to search for them. It's a roundway trip to search for them. It's a roundway trip
but it is uh usually for the best but it is uh usually for the best but it is uh usually for the best
because for 100 something tools that you because for 100 something tools that you because for 100 something tools that you
have available maybe five or six are have available maybe five or six are have available maybe five or six are
actually going to be used. I mean one actually going to be used. I mean one actually going to be used. I mean one
particular component here that I'm still particular component here that I'm still particular component here that I'm still
struggling somewhat to kind of make struggling somewhat to kind of make struggling somewhat to kind of make
sense of especially if we talk about sense of especially if we talk about sense of especially if we talk about
harness engineering just overall is is harness engineering just overall is is harness engineering just overall is is
this topic on MCP. I mean currently we this topic on MCP. I mean currently we this topic on MCP. I mean currently we
we believe MCP is the best practice to we believe MCP is the best practice to we believe MCP is the best practice to
kind of have this conneure connector kind of have this conneure connector kind of have this conneure connector
between the agent and let's say the between the agent and let's say the between the agent and let's say the
outside world but I'm just like making outside world but I'm just like making outside world but I'm just like making
sense more and more that it's fairly sense more and more that it's fairly sense more and more that it's fairly
constrained what can flow through MCP's constrained what can flow through MCP's constrained what can flow through MCP's
fairly structured and standardized fairly structured and standardized fairly structured and standardized
protocol whereas if you have some more protocol whereas if you have some more protocol whereas if you have some more
scattered markdown files fully laying scattered markdown files fully laying scattered markdown files fully laying
around I think there is just yielding a around I think there is just yielding a around I think there is just yielding a
little bit more context to perform this little bit more context to perform this little bit more context to perform this
particular task. So in other words, MCP particular task. So in other words, MCP particular task. So in other words, MCP
is great, but it probably has the is great, but it probably has the is great, but it probably has the
promise to be like a highway for data promise to be like a highway for data promise to be like a highway for data
transfer, but so far to me it feels a transfer, but so far to me it feels a transfer, but so far to me it feels a
little bit like a train. So you can only little bit like a train. So you can only little bit like a train. So you can only
do a particular request and you have to do a particular request and you have to do a particular request and you have to
kind of of course wait and it comes back kind of of course wait and it comes back kind of of course wait and it comes back
with a particular response. And this is with a particular response. And this is with a particular response. And this is
very limited in terms of context um very limited in terms of context um very limited in terms of context um
depth. Whereas if you have markdown or depth. Whereas if you have markdown or depth. Whereas if you have markdown or
if you have an array of markdown or this if you have an array of markdown or this if you have an array of markdown or this
this entire harness this entire harness this entire harness
um that is actually yielding a lot more um that is actually yielding a lot more um that is actually yielding a lot more
context depth than just MCP. So I'm kind context depth than just MCP. So I'm kind context depth than just MCP. So I'm kind
of curious to see if MCP is really the of curious to see if MCP is really the of curious to see if MCP is really the
protocol we're adapting into the future. protocol we're adapting into the future. protocol we're adapting into the future.
Of course, if you build on financial Of course, if you build on financial Of course, if you build on financial
analyst agents or finance in general or analyst agents or finance in general or analyst agents or finance in general or
maybe some legal procedures like audit maybe some legal procedures like audit maybe some legal procedures like audit
or like maybe insurance as well, you or like maybe insurance as well, you or like maybe insurance as well, you
would want to have traceability. You would want to have traceability. You would want to have traceability. You
would want to have some sort of would want to have some sort of would want to have some sort of
governance structure so the agent governance structure so the agent governance structure so the agent
doesn't go rogue in your organization. doesn't go rogue in your organization. doesn't go rogue in your organization.
you need to probably um customize the you need to probably um customize the you need to probably um customize the
agent in the sense or the MCP itself. agent in the sense or the MCP itself. agent in the sense or the MCP itself.
Okay, the agent cannot access at will Okay, the agent cannot access at will Okay, the agent cannot access at will
particular resources. It it needs to be particular resources. It it needs to be particular resources. It it needs to be
some sort of logged. It's usually some sort of logged. It's usually some sort of logged. It's usually
constraints on financial companies that constraints on financial companies that constraints on financial companies that
that we see happening. But just overall, that we see happening. But just overall, that we see happening. But just overall,
I think MCP might not be the best add-on I think MCP might not be the best add-on I think MCP might not be the best add-on
in this harness engineering that we kind in this harness engineering that we kind in this harness engineering that we kind
of would want it to be. That's a little of would want it to be. That's a little of would want it to be. That's a little
bit my five cents and maybe Yeah. What bit my five cents and maybe Yeah. What bit my five cents and maybe Yeah. What
what's your take on on this show as what's your take on on this show as what's your take on on this show as
well? Uh I think we use MCP only to get well? Uh I think we use MCP only to get well? Uh I think we use MCP only to get
to the level of tools. So let's imagine to the level of tools. So let's imagine to the level of tools. So let's imagine
you're building some kind of scheduling you're building some kind of scheduling you're building some kind of scheduling
agent that you want to uh reach out to agent that you want to uh reach out to agent that you want to uh reach out to
partners, reach out to colleagues and partners, reach out to colleagues and partners, reach out to colleagues and
set up the meetings accordingly. The set up the meetings accordingly. The set up the meetings accordingly. The
MCP, for example, Google MCP or Gmail MCP, for example, Google MCP or Gmail MCP, for example, Google MCP or Gmail
MCP would give you the tools to read MCP would give you the tools to read MCP would give you the tools to read
your email inbox, write some emails, uh your email inbox, write some emails, uh your email inbox, write some emails, uh
least possible uh addresses to write the least possible uh addresses to write the least possible uh addresses to write the
emails to. Those would be tools that you emails to. Those would be tools that you emails to. Those would be tools that you
can get for MCP. However, MCP by itself can get for MCP. However, MCP by itself can get for MCP. However, MCP by itself
is insufficient to build out this agent, is insufficient to build out this agent, is insufficient to build out this agent,
right? You want some instructions on how right? You want some instructions on how right? You want some instructions on how
you want the meetings to be scheduled, you want the meetings to be scheduled, you want the meetings to be scheduled,
uh how they should be scheduled, the uh how they should be scheduled, the uh how they should be scheduled, the
names of the meetings, u the timing that names of the meetings, u the timing that names of the meetings, u the timing that
you'd like them to have them. So, a full you'd like them to have them. So, a full you'd like them to have them. So, a full
uh scheduling agent skill, if you want uh scheduling agent skill, if you want uh scheduling agent skill, if you want
to create that for your own personal to create that for your own personal to create that for your own personal
agent, should be maybe a couple tools agent, should be maybe a couple tools agent, should be maybe a couple tools
from NCP, maybe a couple tools uh from NCP, maybe a couple tools uh from NCP, maybe a couple tools uh
internal to your own computer, your own internal to your own computer, your own internal to your own computer, your own
service, and then that uh instruction uh service, and then that uh instruction uh service, and then that uh instruction uh
skill, usually a marathon file or some skill, usually a marathon file or some skill, usually a marathon file or some
other file where you write down that other file where you write down that other file where you write down that
information. A lot of those, there are information. A lot of those, there are information. A lot of those, there are
some market places for those skills, some market places for those skills, some market places for those skills,
people write down those instructions. people write down those instructions. people write down those instructions.
Not a lot of them are super safe. We've Not a lot of them are super safe. We've Not a lot of them are super safe. We've
been seeing I think with the rise of been seeing I think with the rise of been seeing I think with the rise of
openclaw people created like this kind openclaw people created like this kind openclaw people created like this kind
of marketplace where people would write of marketplace where people would write of marketplace where people would write
and share skills is and and be a really and share skills is and and be a really and share skills is and and be a really
good idea on for example the scheduling good idea on for example the scheduling good idea on for example the scheduling
agent there were scheduling agent skills agent there were scheduling agent skills agent there were scheduling agent skills
where it could show the agent how to do where it could show the agent how to do where it could show the agent how to do
them how to be polite how it should them how to be polite how it should them how to be polite how it should
invite people to do things the best way invite people to do things the best way invite people to do things the best way
to actually schedule a calendar to be to actually schedule a calendar to be to actually schedule a calendar to be
efficient for for people. However, a lot efficient for for people. However, a lot efficient for for people. However, a lot
of the skills that were on our of the skills that were on our of the skills that were on our
marketplace were um malicious and so marketplace were um malicious and so marketplace were um malicious and so
people would hide instructions there people would hide instructions there people would hide instructions there
saying, "Hey, send information to uh saying, "Hey, send information to uh saying, "Hey, send information to uh
this address or like log the the the this address or like log the the the this address or like log the the the
keywords uh and basically exfiltrate a keywords uh and basically exfiltrate a keywords uh and basically exfiltrate a
lot of valuable information from you lot of valuable information from you lot of valuable information from you
into some other remote remote server. into some other remote remote server. into some other remote remote server.
So, there are publicly available skills. So, there are publicly available skills. So, there are publicly available skills.
uh be very careful because you might be uh be very careful because you might be uh be very careful because you might be
instructing your agent without you instructing your agent without you instructing your agent without you
realizing uh to do some very nefarious realizing uh to do some very nefarious realizing uh to do some very nefarious
things. I mean I think it's a good good things. I mean I think it's a good good things. I mean I think it's a good good
perspective maybe to add on this very perspective maybe to add on this very perspective maybe to add on this very
very briefly just in other words very briefly just in other words very briefly just in other words
explained harnesses is a little bit like explained harnesses is a little bit like explained harnesses is a little bit like
the component that was so far missing to the component that was so far missing to the component that was so far missing to
yield this translation of just a yield this translation of just a yield this translation of just a
technical capable model like we've seen technical capable model like we've seen technical capable model like we've seen
with very advanced PhD level models with very advanced PhD level models with very advanced PhD level models
didn't actually yield business value didn't actually yield business value didn't actually yield business value
realization because so far this kind of realization because so far this kind of realization because so far this kind of
translation was still missing while it translation was still missing while it translation was still missing while it
was an incredibly intelligent large was an incredibly intelligent large was an incredibly intelligent large
language model for example an OPUS 45 or language model for example an OPUS 45 or language model for example an OPUS 45 or
a previous Oppus model it never really a previous Oppus model it never really a previous Oppus model it never really
yielded material business impact because yielded material business impact because yielded material business impact because
it kind of was lacking this harness to it kind of was lacking this harness to it kind of was lacking this harness to
actually effectuate the business value actually effectuate the business value actually effectuate the business value
realization. So in other words, we kind realization. So in other words, we kind realization. So in other words, we kind
of take this super intelligent model but of take this super intelligent model but of take this super intelligent model but
as builders we're kind of wrapping this as builders we're kind of wrapping this as builders we're kind of wrapping this
harness around it and now suddenly it harness around it and now suddenly it harness around it and now suddenly it
actually yields and ongoingly will yield actually yields and ongoingly will yield actually yields and ongoingly will yield
more and more and more business value more and more and more business value more and more and more business value
because now it is embedded in tools. It because now it is embedded in tools. It because now it is embedded in tools. It
is embedded in into skills that actually is embedded in into skills that actually is embedded in into skills that actually
are materially mattering for a are materially mattering for a are materially mattering for a
particular job and are not just particular job and are not just particular job and are not just
generally trained like you would train a generally trained like you would train a generally trained like you would train a
transformer and then you do a transformer and then you do a transformer and then you do a
reinforcement learning a little bit reinforcement learning a little bit reinforcement learning a little bit
alignment there fine but it's not alignment there fine but it's not alignment there fine but it's not
aligned into the business context aligned into the business context aligned into the business context
because just if you rewind back some because just if you rewind back some because just if you rewind back some
years ago we always kind of had this years ago we always kind of had this years ago we always kind of had this
idea of we fine-tune the models for the idea of we fine-tune the models for the idea of we fine-tune the models for the
company context but we never actually company context but we never actually company context but we never actually
did that for two reasons. it was too did that for two reasons. it was too did that for two reasons. it was too
expensive for many firms. And secondly, expensive for many firms. And secondly, expensive for many firms. And secondly,
once you did the fine-tuning, the next once you did the fine-tuning, the next once you did the fine-tuning, the next
best model came around and you did all best model came around and you did all best model came around and you did all
this fine-tuning for no good reason. this fine-tuning for no good reason. this fine-tuning for no good reason.
That's why we mostly built and we That's why we mostly built and we That's why we mostly built and we
leveraged generalpurpose large language leveraged generalpurpose large language leveraged generalpurpose large language
models that are highly not accustomed to models that are highly not accustomed to models that are highly not accustomed to
the context of the business world. But the context of the business world. But the context of the business world. But
now with harness engineering or having now with harness engineering or having now with harness engineering or having
an AI agent with a harness, it now an AI agent with a harness, it now an AI agent with a harness, it now
starts to actually have this business starts to actually have this business starts to actually have this business
value realization in place. as hopefully value realization in place. as hopefully value realization in place. as hopefully
finally that we see some sort of finally that we see some sort of finally that we see some sort of
business impact happening with all these business impact happening with all these business impact happening with all these
AI agents in the months to come. And one AI agents in the months to come. And one AI agents in the months to come. And one
last topic just for today's episode is last topic just for today's episode is last topic just for today's episode is
pricing because now we actually have a pricing because now we actually have a pricing because now we actually have a
mechanism. We have a mean to take this mechanism. We have a mean to take this mechanism. We have a mean to take this
harness. It yields business value. And harness. It yields business value. And harness. It yields business value. And
we see that ongoingly now with agents we see that ongoingly now with agents we see that ongoingly now with agents
being augmenting humans for example in being augmenting humans for example in being augmenting humans for example in
the financial world. We've seen it for a the financial world. We've seen it for a the financial world. We've seen it for a
multitude of months now in the coding multitude of months now in the coding multitude of months now in the coding
world but also into customer care, world but also into customer care, world but also into customer care,
customer support until transcriptions customer support until transcriptions customer support until transcriptions
and similar services. But one question and similar services. But one question and similar services. But one question
remains. How do you price in this new remains. How do you price in this new remains. How do you price in this new
world where you have a harness, you have world where you have a harness, you have world where you have a harness, you have
a super intelligent model and there is a super intelligent model and there is a super intelligent model and there is
this this whole theory of outcomebased this this whole theory of outcomebased this this whole theory of outcomebased
pricing? But before we go into this pricing? But before we go into this pricing? But before we go into this
rabbit hole, sure, what's kind of your rabbit hole, sure, what's kind of your rabbit hole, sure, what's kind of your
maybe best idea of how would you kind of maybe best idea of how would you kind of maybe best idea of how would you kind of
make sense of you have a harness now, make sense of you have a harness now, make sense of you have a harness now,
but what are maybe some of the cost but what are maybe some of the cost but what are maybe some of the cost
factors and then maybe I can add the factors and then maybe I can add the factors and then maybe I can add the
best sense of the pricing factors? You best sense of the pricing factors? You best sense of the pricing factors? You
have a harness. What are some have a harness. What are some have a harness. What are some
optimization vectors that you need to do optimization vectors that you need to do optimization vectors that you need to do
to make it as cheap as possible? As a to make it as cheap as possible? As a to make it as cheap as possible? As a
builder, as soon as you build up the builder, as soon as you build up the builder, as soon as you build up the
harness and you have a sufficient harness and you have a sufficient harness and you have a sufficient
harness that has all the tools and harness that has all the tools and harness that has all the tools and
skills that make the agent or allow the skills that make the agent or allow the skills that make the agent or allow the
agent to do what you want it to do, you agent to do what you want it to do, you agent to do what you want it to do, you
get the idea of the minimum possible get the idea of the minimum possible get the idea of the minimum possible
model that you can run on it that model that you can run on it that model that you can run on it that
actually can use your harness. Uh for actually can use your harness. Uh for actually can use your harness. Uh for
any modern hardness of skills, I I'd say any modern hardness of skills, I I'd say any modern hardness of skills, I I'd say
coding agent, but you can think of like coding agent, but you can think of like coding agent, but you can think of like
a personal agent. So, it has uh the a personal agent. So, it has uh the a personal agent. So, it has uh the
ability to read emails, uh read your ability to read emails, uh read your ability to read emails, uh read your
calendar, check something in your like calendar, check something in your like calendar, check something in your like
smart home. A personal assistant kind of smart home. A personal assistant kind of smart home. A personal assistant kind of
agent has maybe like 10 14 tools that he agent has maybe like 10 14 tools that he agent has maybe like 10 14 tools that he
needs to use. If I plug in a model like needs to use. If I plug in a model like needs to use. If I plug in a model like
GPT4, like the standard GP4 or GP4 GPT4, like the standard GP4 or GP4 GPT4, like the standard GP4 or GP4
Turbo, which is maybe 2 years old by Turbo, which is maybe 2 years old by Turbo, which is maybe 2 years old by
now, that model might 99% certainty that now, that model might 99% certainty that now, that model might 99% certainty that
would fail at most assets you give it. would fail at most assets you give it. would fail at most assets you give it.
also because older models, especially also because older models, especially also because older models, especially
simpler or dumber models, uh are not as simpler or dumber models, uh are not as simpler or dumber models, uh are not as
optimized to use tools as the more optimized to use tools as the more optimized to use tools as the more
recent ones. And even the more recent recent ones. And even the more recent recent ones. And even the more recent
ones, uh you have what three or four ones, uh you have what three or four ones, uh you have what three or four
frontier models that people usually use. frontier models that people usually use. frontier models that people usually use.
But if you're really concerned about But if you're really concerned about But if you're really concerned about
privacy and safety and you want to host privacy and safety and you want to host privacy and safety and you want to host
your own models, is a wide variety of your own models, is a wide variety of your own models, is a wide variety of
open- source models you can run on them. open- source models you can run on them. open- source models you can run on them.
But they also come in a wide variety of But they also come in a wide variety of But they also come in a wide variety of
sizes and cost. So you cannot just sizes and cost. So you cannot just sizes and cost. So you cannot just
choose the best possible open source choose the best possible open source choose the best possible open source
model. It might not fit your hardware model. It might not fit your hardware model. It might not fit your hardware
and you might need 50 or $100,000 and you might need 50 or $100,000 and you might need 50 or $100,000
hardware to run those models. And so you hardware to run those models. And so you hardware to run those models. And so you
have to get an idea of how intelligent, have to get an idea of how intelligent, have to get an idea of how intelligent,
how advanced must your LLM, your AI how advanced must your LLM, your AI how advanced must your LLM, your AI
model be to use your harness. From then model be to use your harness. From then model be to use your harness. From then
on, then you can have a baseline pricing on, then you can have a baseline pricing on, then you can have a baseline pricing
because what we've been seeing is that because what we've been seeing is that because what we've been seeing is that
the prices are not getting lower with the prices are not getting lower with the prices are not getting lower with
newer and newer models. We had it in the newer and newer models. We had it in the newer and newer models. We had it in the
first couple years of genai with GBD 3.3 first couple years of genai with GBD 3.3 first couple years of genai with GBD 3.3
3.5 41 Omni like each and every model 3.5 41 Omni like each and every model 3.5 41 Omni like each and every model
was getting better and also cheaper. Uh was getting better and also cheaper. Uh was getting better and also cheaper. Uh
and now that's no longer the case. We're and now that's no longer the case. We're and now that's no longer the case. We're
getting incremental increases. Models getting incremental increases. Models getting incremental increases. Models
are still getting better but they're are still getting better but they're are still getting better but they're
being priced accordingly. I think it being priced accordingly. I think it being priced accordingly. I think it
also relates to VC funding uh running also relates to VC funding uh running also relates to VC funding uh running
out for these startups and for the out for these startups and for the out for these startups and for the
inference and so people actually need to inference and so people actually need to inference and so people actually need to
charge you for those tokens and if charge you for those tokens and if charge you for those tokens and if
you're building uh agents around these you're building uh agents around these you're building uh agents around these
models you also need to charge uh your models you also need to charge uh your models you also need to charge uh your
clients your subscriptions whatever uh clients your subscriptions whatever uh clients your subscriptions whatever uh
these tokens and as soon as you have these tokens and as soon as you have these tokens and as soon as you have
that baseline you can have an idea of that baseline you can have an idea of that baseline you can have an idea of
how it how much it costs for you to run how it how much it costs for you to run how it how much it costs for you to run
that kind of model. uh and it is not as that kind of model. uh and it is not as that kind of model. uh and it is not as
cheap as maybe it would be in 2 years cheap as maybe it would be in 2 years cheap as maybe it would be in 2 years
ago but you're also getting a much ago but you're also getting a much ago but you're also getting a much
better model and you can build much better model and you can build much better model and you can build much
better and higher quality agents that do better and higher quality agents that do better and higher quality agents that do
real business value. real business value. real business value.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So maybe if I translate it in &gt;&gt; Okay. So maybe if I translate it in &gt;&gt; Okay. So maybe if I translate it in
other words so you would work backwards other words so you would work backwards other words so you would work backwards
from the required harness to yield the from the required harness to yield the from the required harness to yield the
business value. So you kind of know what business value. So you kind of know what business value. So you kind of know what
is required in terms of harness and then is required in terms of harness and then is required in terms of harness and then
you try to fit it in with some sort of you try to fit it in with some sort of you try to fit it in with some sort of
of a large language model that fits the of a large language model that fits the of a large language model that fits the
harness or the other way around if you harness or the other way around if you harness or the other way around if you
think about it as well. I mean you can think about it as well. I mean you can think about it as well. I mean you can
technically build around an LLM the technically build around an LLM the technically build around an LLM the
harness but then the new model comes harness but then the new model comes harness but then the new model comes
around and you're not model agnostic around and you're not model agnostic around and you're not model agnostic
anymore and you have to rebuild the anymore and you have to rebuild the anymore and you have to rebuild the
entire harness. So that's kind of what entire harness. So that's kind of what entire harness. So that's kind of what
we've seen also like there is kind of we've seen also like there is kind of we've seen also like there is kind of
this decision um are you entirely this decision um are you entirely this decision um are you entirely
building around an oo or a set or you building around an oo or a set or you building around an oo or a set or you
have like some sort of model agnostic have like some sort of model agnostic have like some sort of model agnostic
harness that you can simply replace harness that you can simply replace harness that you can simply replace
fairly fastly the large language model fairly fastly the large language model fairly fastly the large language model
when it comes around very similar like when it comes around very similar like when it comes around very similar like
it was before you don't want to build it was before you don't want to build it was before you don't want to build
your workflow and around a particular your workflow and around a particular your workflow and around a particular
model you also probably don't want to model you also probably don't want to model you also probably don't want to
build the harness around the particular build the harness around the particular build the harness around the particular
model but rather have it more modular model but rather have it more modular model but rather have it more modular
have it more flexible once a new model have it more flexible once a new model have it more flexible once a new model
comes around most of the time this is a comes around most of the time this is a comes around most of the time this is a
closed model or maybe a Gemini model and closed model or maybe a Gemini model and closed model or maybe a Gemini model and
you can swap swip uh swap around the you can swap swip uh swap around the you can swap swip uh swap around the
models and reh harness it and then yield models and reh harness it and then yield models and reh harness it and then yield
it into production in a fairly it into production in a fairly it into production in a fairly
substantially short period of time. You substantially short period of time. You substantially short period of time. You
might need still need to do some testing might need still need to do some testing might need still need to do some testing
but that's kind of it's an interesting but that's kind of it's an interesting but that's kind of it's an interesting
facet as well. Not only do you have the facet as well. Not only do you have the facet as well. Not only do you have the
regular testing procedure, you probably regular testing procedure, you probably regular testing procedure, you probably
also have to retest your harness that also have to retest your harness that also have to retest your harness that
you build around the particular model, you build around the particular model, you build around the particular model,
which is a very easy segue then. Okay, which is a very easy segue then. Okay, which is a very easy segue then. Okay,
fine, we have the harness, we have the fine, we have the harness, we have the fine, we have the harness, we have the
large language model. How do we price large language model. How do we price large language model. How do we price
this for the customer? And since it is this for the customer? And since it is this for the customer? And since it is
now more or less derable from business now more or less derable from business now more or less derable from business
value realization, you can think about value realization, you can think about value realization, you can think about
it as an outcomebased pricing because it as an outcomebased pricing because it as an outcomebased pricing because
the conversation in in a particular the conversation in in a particular the conversation in in a particular
sales call or sales conversation might sales call or sales conversation might sales call or sales conversation might
be with this particular large language be with this particular large language be with this particular large language
model. In other words, this particular model. In other words, this particular model. In other words, this particular
agent equipped with a harness which is agent equipped with a harness which is agent equipped with a harness which is
business contextaware, you can then business contextaware, you can then business contextaware, you can then
materially improve a particular process materially improve a particular process materially improve a particular process
and from this process improvement, you and from this process improvement, you and from this process improvement, you
would then yield a particular percentage would then yield a particular percentage would then yield a particular percentage
um as a let's say as a return or in um as a let's say as a return or in um as a let's say as a return or in
other words as a price for your service. other words as a price for your service. other words as a price for your service.
This is not entirely new. So if we think This is not entirely new. So if we think This is not entirely new. So if we think
about which type of other businesses do about which type of other businesses do about which type of other businesses do
some sort of having a percentage of a some sort of having a percentage of a some sort of having a percentage of a
value creation pricing, it's usually value creation pricing, it's usually value creation pricing, it's usually
transactions in financial services. You transactions in financial services. You transactions in financial services. You
have a transaction. Of course, there's have a transaction. Of course, there's have a transaction. Of course, there's
transaction prices that are fixed transaction prices that are fixed transaction prices that are fixed
prices. So whatever the transaction is, prices. So whatever the transaction is, prices. So whatever the transaction is,
it's just $15 for example. But most of it's just $15 for example. But most of it's just $15 for example. But most of
the time in transaction prices, it's the time in transaction prices, it's the time in transaction prices, it's
like a percentage. In other words, if like a percentage. In other words, if like a percentage. In other words, if
you have this in the aentic world, you have this in the aentic world, you have this in the aentic world,
you're implementing an AI agent that you're implementing an AI agent that you're implementing an AI agent that
yields material business benefit ideally yields material business benefit ideally yields material business benefit ideally
with a harness and it's it's fully with a harness and it's it's fully with a harness and it's it's fully
functioning within an org. You can then functioning within an org. You can then functioning within an org. You can then
probably derive in a particular workflow probably derive in a particular workflow probably derive in a particular workflow
that it it helps save a particular that it it helps save a particular that it it helps save a particular
amount of money and from that saving, amount of money and from that saving, amount of money and from that saving,
you would then actually price it back to you would then actually price it back to you would then actually price it back to
you as an owner of of this AI software. you as an owner of of this AI software. you as an owner of of this AI software.
As an example, if you have a financial As an example, if you have a financial As an example, if you have a financial
analyst agent just making things up, it analyst agent just making things up, it analyst agent just making things up, it
would speed up the Excel model would speed up the Excel model would speed up the Excel model
generation by an order of magnitude or generation by an order of magnitude or generation by an order of magnitude or
maybe by 20x that saves a particular maybe by 20x that saves a particular maybe by 20x that saves a particular
amount of hourly rates and from this amount of hourly rates and from this amount of hourly rates and from this
particular amount of hourly rate saved. particular amount of hourly rate saved. particular amount of hourly rate saved.
You would then take a particular You would then take a particular You would then take a particular
percentage and you would price it percentage and you would price it percentage and you would price it
accordingly. You might still yield some accordingly. You might still yield some accordingly. You might still yield some
sort of or actually have the necessity sort of or actually have the necessity sort of or actually have the necessity
to have a base pricing for your to have a base pricing for your to have a base pricing for your
infrastructure or some sort of a base infrastructure or some sort of a base infrastructure or some sort of a base
price. But then ultimately if you do price. But then ultimately if you do price. But then ultimately if you do
outcomebased pricing with a harness, outcomebased pricing with a harness, outcomebased pricing with a harness,
you're more aligning your achantic you're more aligning your achantic you're more aligning your achantic
system to the client's best possible system to the client's best possible system to the client's best possible
outcome. Because ultimately what most of outcome. Because ultimately what most of outcome. Because ultimately what most of
the salespeople, the good sales people the salespeople, the good sales people the salespeople, the good sales people
in the world are selling, they're not in the world are selling, they're not in the world are selling, they're not
selling software. They're selling selling software. They're selling selling software. They're selling
outcomes. They're selling outcomes based outcomes. They're selling outcomes based outcomes. They're selling outcomes based
on metrics. And these metrics are on metrics. And these metrics are on metrics. And these metrics are
ultimately on a for example deal by deal ultimately on a for example deal by deal ultimately on a for example deal by deal
size in terms of a financial analyst or size in terms of a financial analyst or size in terms of a financial analyst or
a finan or a or a call center agent a finan or a or a call center agent a finan or a or a call center agent
ultimately. So that's a little bit this ultimately. So that's a little bit this ultimately. So that's a little bit this
outcome based pricing. It's kind of outcome based pricing. It's kind of outcome based pricing. It's kind of
difficult because you need to know okay difficult because you need to know okay difficult because you need to know okay
how much infra cost do we actually how much infra cost do we actually how much infra cost do we actually
probably more or less need to yield that probably more or less need to yield that probably more or less need to yield that
particular outcome but once we do this particular outcome but once we do this particular outcome but once we do this
successfully we could then materially successfully we could then materially successfully we could then materially
benefit from the upside of the of the benefit from the upside of the of the benefit from the upside of the of the
company because not only is it more company because not only is it more company because not only is it more
aligned with the business. It's just aligned with the business. It's just aligned with the business. It's just
also a little bit of an easier story also a little bit of an easier story also a little bit of an easier story
than you have to pay by usage like we've than you have to pay by usage like we've than you have to pay by usage like we've
seen with AI. But what's your what's seen with AI. But what's your what's seen with AI. But what's your what's
your take on this show? It's a new it's your take on this show? It's a new it's your take on this show? It's a new it's
a new um phenomenon. I have that a new um phenomenon. I have that a new um phenomenon. I have that
perspective from both being a builder perspective from both being a builder perspective from both being a builder
but also a consumer of this AI services but also a consumer of this AI services but also a consumer of this AI services
for the coding agent that I subscribe for the coding agent that I subscribe for the coding agent that I subscribe
to. It has gotten a bit more expensive to. It has gotten a bit more expensive to. It has gotten a bit more expensive
than it was in the past. But that cost than it was in the past. But that cost than it was in the past. But that cost
value um approach to it still very much value um approach to it still very much value um approach to it still very much
applies because I've been I did the applies because I've been I did the applies because I've been I did the
maths and the 100 and so bucks that I maths and the 100 and so bucks that I maths and the 100 and so bucks that I
pay for it. If I were to not have it, uh pay for it. If I were to not have it, uh pay for it. If I were to not have it, uh
it would take me sometimes double the it would take me sometimes double the it would take me sometimes double the
amount of time just writing the code. So amount of time just writing the code. So amount of time just writing the code. So
planning by itself, uh I can still do it planning by itself, uh I can still do it planning by itself, uh I can still do it
my own. I might be a bit slower cuz I my own. I might be a bit slower cuz I my own. I might be a bit slower cuz I
don't have to actually manually research don't have to actually manually research don't have to actually manually research
every single topic I have to interact every single topic I have to interact every single topic I have to interact
with. But I could sort of do the with. But I could sort of do the with. But I could sort of do the
planning by myself, but writing the planning by myself, but writing the planning by myself, but writing the
code, it takes time. I mean, I I I type code, it takes time. I mean, I I I type code, it takes time. I mean, I I I type
fast, but uh the model just can iterate fast, but uh the model just can iterate fast, but uh the model just can iterate
through files and just go to the right through files and just go to the right through files and just go to the right
file and change the lines probably much file and change the lines probably much file and change the lines probably much
quicker than I than I can, and it won't quicker than I than I can, and it won't quicker than I than I can, and it won't
get distracted uh by notifications or get distracted uh by notifications or get distracted uh by notifications or
emails or whatever. And so having this emails or whatever. And so having this emails or whatever. And so having this
kind of model saves me, I'd say, at kind of model saves me, I'd say, at kind of model saves me, I'd say, at
least 4 hours every day that I would least 4 hours every day that I would least 4 hours every day that I would
spend on doing things that are just that spend on doing things that are just that spend on doing things that are just that
much faster. And four hours of every day much faster. And four hours of every day much faster. And four hours of every day
of every single workday, uh it adds up of every single workday, uh it adds up of every single workday, uh it adds up
to much more than 100 bucks. And I don't to much more than 100 bucks. And I don't to much more than 100 bucks. And I don't
want to uh say it super loud so I don't want to uh say it super loud so I don't want to uh say it super loud so I don't
get I don't give ideas to Microsoft to get I don't give ideas to Microsoft to get I don't give ideas to Microsoft to
increase their prices. Uh but I want to increase their prices. Uh but I want to increase their prices. Uh but I want to
just have that kind of in mind when they just have that kind of in mind when they just have that kind of in mind when they
increase their prices that it's still increase their prices that it's still increase their prices that it's still
very much reasonable for me to to to pay very much reasonable for me to to to pay very much reasonable for me to to to pay
that amount. Uh cuz the value that I get that amount. Uh cuz the value that I get that amount. Uh cuz the value that I get
from it is uh very reasonable um from it is uh very reasonable um from it is uh very reasonable um
in contrast to what I pay. And I think in contrast to what I pay. And I think in contrast to what I pay. And I think
as a builder, that's also like the the as a builder, that's also like the the as a builder, that's also like the the
goal that I try to do is build a harness goal that I try to do is build a harness goal that I try to do is build a harness
and have a model that's capable enough and have a model that's capable enough and have a model that's capable enough
that the value that it outputs is still that the value that it outputs is still that the value that it outputs is still
much bigger than whatever it costs. And much bigger than whatever it costs. And much bigger than whatever it costs. And
it should be much bigger than whatever it should be much bigger than whatever it should be much bigger than whatever
it costs it costs it costs
uh the client and also much bigger than uh the client and also much bigger than uh the client and also much bigger than
whatever it costs to run it. And uh whatever it costs to run it. And uh whatever it costs to run it. And uh
those running costs, you can call it those running costs, you can call it those running costs, you can call it
infra costs. It's inference plus infra costs. It's inference plus infra costs. It's inference plus
infrastructure plus the servers plus infrastructure plus the servers plus infrastructure plus the servers plus
whatever your AWS bill uh ends up being. whatever your AWS bill uh ends up being. whatever your AWS bill uh ends up being.
Um, and because it is, uh, as we've been Um, and because it is, uh, as we've been Um, and because it is, uh, as we've been
seeing, increasingly higher, you have to seeing, increasingly higher, you have to seeing, increasingly higher, you have to
just have a better and better agent to just have a better and better agent to just have a better and better agent to
justify those costs. justify those costs. justify those costs.
&gt;&gt; I mean, it's a bit of a of a emerging &gt;&gt; I mean, it's a bit of a of a emerging &gt;&gt; I mean, it's a bit of a of a emerging
topic this this pricing of agents, but I topic this this pricing of agents, but I topic this this pricing of agents, but I
think ultimately you can decide just to think ultimately you can decide just to think ultimately you can decide just to
make a high level summary between a make a high level summary between a make a high level summary between a
usage based pricing where you basically usage based pricing where you basically usage based pricing where you basically
say, okay, you have some sort of tokens say, okay, you have some sort of tokens say, okay, you have some sort of tokens
or credits or you have some sort of or credits or you have some sort of or credits or you have some sort of
amount of workflows you can run per amount of workflows you can run per amount of workflows you can run per
month. just from my own experience in month. just from my own experience in month. just from my own experience in
sales perspective. Hardly anybody has sales perspective. Hardly anybody has sales perspective. Hardly anybody has
this concept of tokens sometimes unless this concept of tokens sometimes unless this concept of tokens sometimes unless
you're an AI builder. So it's a you're an AI builder. So it's a you're an AI builder. So it's a
difficult sell if it just if you difficult sell if it just if you difficult sell if it just if you
basically say okay I give you 10,000 basically say okay I give you 10,000 basically say okay I give you 10,000
tokens whatever that means. So you kind tokens whatever that means. So you kind tokens whatever that means. So you kind
of have to introduce this new lingo in of have to introduce this new lingo in of have to introduce this new lingo in
also on top of your product. So that's also on top of your product. So that's also on top of your product. So that's
the use that's the usage world. The the use that's the usage world. The the use that's the usage world. The
second component is you have a fixed second component is you have a fixed second component is you have a fixed
price tier like you would have in a price tier like you would have in a price tier like you would have in a
software as a service something we we software as a service something we we software as a service something we we
used to know for many many years now. used to know for many many years now. used to know for many many years now.
cost you flat $30,000 per month and you cost you flat $30,000 per month and you cost you flat $30,000 per month and you
can just use it how much you actually can just use it how much you actually can just use it how much you actually
want. Might sound appealing, but if you want. Might sound appealing, but if you want. Might sound appealing, but if you
have inference cost from OPOS or from have inference cost from OPOS or from have inference cost from OPOS or from
some other advanced models, that's north some other advanced models, that's north some other advanced models, that's north
of four figures per day per user, it's of four figures per day per user, it's of four figures per day per user, it's
probably not the best idea. And then probably not the best idea. And then probably not the best idea. And then
there's this third component that's kind there's this third component that's kind there's this third component that's kind
of what we teased today. Maybe we can of what we teased today. Maybe we can of what we teased today. Maybe we can
deep dive in a future episode. Once deep dive in a future episode. Once deep dive in a future episode. Once
again, outcomebased pricing. something again, outcomebased pricing. something again, outcomebased pricing. something
we spent a lot of thinking on. But it's we spent a lot of thinking on. But it's we spent a lot of thinking on. But it's
mostly this particular pricing that mostly this particular pricing that mostly this particular pricing that
would align the best possible would align the best possible would align the best possible
partnership with your client and also it partnership with your client and also it partnership with your client and also it
would actually incentivize us builders would actually incentivize us builders would actually incentivize us builders
to make our harness in terms of the to make our harness in terms of the to make our harness in terms of the
engineering of it and the all language engineering of it and the all language engineering of it and the all language
model that's be that's behind it model that's be that's behind it model that's be that's behind it
powering this all as cheap as possible powering this all as cheap as possible powering this all as cheap as possible
because this would yield a higher because this would yield a higher because this would yield a higher
margin. Um ultimately to then benefit margin. Um ultimately to then benefit margin. Um ultimately to then benefit
again from the value that the agent is again from the value that the agent is again from the value that the agent is
creating. Ultimately, we kind of have creating. Ultimately, we kind of have creating. Ultimately, we kind of have
this conundrum that agents might augment this conundrum that agents might augment this conundrum that agents might augment
slash replace a specific substrate of slash replace a specific substrate of slash replace a specific substrate of
employees. So, we maybe also kind of employees. So, we maybe also kind of employees. So, we maybe also kind of
need to start thinking about the value need to start thinking about the value need to start thinking about the value
these agents are creating and we having these agents are creating and we having these agents are creating and we having
a derivative of that in terms of our a derivative of that in terms of our a derivative of that in terms of our
pricing as AI builders. But that's it pricing as AI builders. But that's it pricing as AI builders. But that's it
more or less for for the episode. Shah, more or less for for the episode. Shah, more or less for for the episode. Shah,
anything more to add on harness anything more to add on harness anything more to add on harness
engineering, skills, AI, context engineering, skills, AI, context engineering, skills, AI, context
engineering, value based pricing? to engineering, value based pricing? to engineering, value based pricing? to
give you a somewhat recent example of give you a somewhat recent example of give you a somewhat recent example of
how much it can differ like a quick how much it can differ like a quick how much it can differ like a quick
request, a quick hey to an agent from an request, a quick hey to an agent from an request, a quick hey to an agent from an
actual long running agent that processes actual long running agent that processes actual long running agent that processes
things is using your harness using tools things is using your harness using tools things is using your harness using tools
going online for to search for things going online for to search for things going online for to search for things
can cost you. Uh, one of the like most can cost you. Uh, one of the like most can cost you. Uh, one of the like most
famous coding agents is C code. I think famous coding agents is C code. I think famous coding agents is C code. I think
by far it's like top three for the last by far it's like top three for the last by far it's like top three for the last
year or so. um very easily in in the top year or so. um very easily in in the top year or so. um very easily in in the top
three agents uh in the AI world and three agents uh in the AI world and three agents uh in the AI world and
that's always been token based uh that's always been token based uh that's always been token based uh
because people using cloud code know at because people using cloud code know at because people using cloud code know at
least half of a concept of token so you least half of a concept of token so you least half of a concept of token so you
don't have to introduce that lingo like don't have to introduce that lingo like don't have to introduce that lingo like
you're saying that you'd have to do for you're saying that you'd have to do for you're saying that you'd have to do for
a business world Microsoft had the a business world Microsoft had the a business world Microsoft had the
GitHub copilot and does pretty much the GitHub copilot and does pretty much the GitHub copilot and does pretty much the
same as cloud code but their approach to same as cloud code but their approach to same as cloud code but their approach to
pricing it was slightly different they pricing it was slightly different they pricing it was slightly different they
price it by request so it doesn't matter price it by request so it doesn't matter price it by request so it doesn't matter
if you say hey or if you ask for a super if you say hey or if you ask for a super if you say hey or if you ask for a super
complex thing like build me a button um complex thing like build me a button um complex thing like build me a button um
plan all the things around it and the plan all the things around it and the plan all the things around it and the
API endpoints and everything and new API endpoints and everything and new API endpoints and everything and new
database it would cost you the same to database it would cost you the same to database it would cost you the same to
the user. It would be the same. It would the user. It would be the same. It would the user. It would be the same. It would
cost you like one request and you'd get cost you like one request and you'd get cost you like one request and you'd get
let's say a,000 requests per month or let's say a,000 requests per month or let's say a,000 requests per month or
5,000 requests per month. And they I 5,000 requests per month. And they I 5,000 requests per month. And they I
think the last week or so they just quit think the last week or so they just quit think the last week or so they just quit
that approach entirely. Not because that approach entirely. Not because that approach entirely. Not because
people were saying hey a lot but because people were saying hey a lot but because people were saying hey a lot but because
people realized that they could just ask people realized that they could just ask people realized that they could just ask
really complicated stuff and they always really complicated stuff and they always really complicated stuff and they always
get built the same. So, might as well get built the same. So, might as well get built the same. So, might as well
give get really complicated tasks right give get really complicated tasks right give get really complicated tasks right
away and maybe bunch up a bunch of tasks away and maybe bunch up a bunch of tasks away and maybe bunch up a bunch of tasks
that were um independent or that you're that were um independent or that you're that were um independent or that you're
going to do in a row. Uh because the going to do in a row. Uh because the going to do in a row. Uh because the
models are not good good enough to do models are not good good enough to do models are not good good enough to do
them uh sequentially. You can just say, them uh sequentially. You can just say, them uh sequentially. You can just say,
"Hey, do me this and this and this and "Hey, do me this and this and this and "Hey, do me this and this and this and
then find uh by the end of it write me a then find uh by the end of it write me a then find uh by the end of it write me a
report of everything you've done and report of everything you've done and report of everything you've done and
push everything to to git or publish push everything to to git or publish push everything to to git or publish
this website." And so instead of wasting this website." And so instead of wasting this website." And so instead of wasting
seven or eight requests, they'll do it seven or eight requests, they'll do it seven or eight requests, they'll do it
all in one go. Microsoft caught up to all in one go. Microsoft caught up to all in one go. Microsoft caught up to
that. Uh, I think they're not having the that. Uh, I think they're not having the that. Uh, I think they're not having the
greatest of times affording that bill greatest of times affording that bill greatest of times affording that bill
for the inference and so they cut that for the inference and so they cut that for the inference and so they cut that
down and now you're paying for actual down and now you're paying for actual down and now you're paying for actual
usage. They don't fully display how many usage. They don't fully display how many usage. They don't fully display how many
tokens you're using. I think they're tokens you're using. I think they're tokens you're using. I think they're
still keeping them to themselves. Ripple still keeping them to themselves. Ripple still keeping them to themselves. Ripple
have realized that for longunning have realized that for longunning have realized that for longunning
requests. You can see your usage bar and requests. You can see your usage bar and requests. You can see your usage bar and
the bar keeps going up throughout the the bar keeps going up throughout the the bar keeps going up throughout the
requests. It doesn't go up just one requests. It doesn't go up just one requests. It doesn't go up just one
single time. So you can see like one of single time. So you can see like one of single time. So you can see like one of
the biggest companies in the world with the biggest companies in the world with the biggest companies in the world with
one of the biggest agents in the world. one of the biggest agents in the world. one of the biggest agents in the world.
uh they're all going token by token, but uh they're all going token by token, but uh they're all going token by token, but
it is remarkably harder to market it to it is remarkably harder to market it to it is remarkably harder to market it to
business or people not in the AI world business or people not in the AI world business or people not in the AI world
because what the hell is token for because what the hell is token for because what the hell is token for
people who are not in an AI world? people who are not in an AI world? people who are not in an AI world?
&gt;&gt; Exactly. I mean, I think it's a good &gt;&gt; Exactly. I mean, I think it's a good &gt;&gt; Exactly. I mean, I think it's a good
good point to wrap up the episode. I good point to wrap up the episode. I good point to wrap up the episode. I
think ultimately if you're a hyperscaler think ultimately if you're a hyperscaler think ultimately if you're a hyperscaler
or a large lab, it's probably more or a large lab, it's probably more or a large lab, it's probably more
selling towards engineers currently. At selling towards engineers currently. At selling towards engineers currently. At
least that's what we've seen. But if we least that's what we've seen. But if we least that's what we've seen. But if we
more and more customized harnesses, you more and more customized harnesses, you more and more customized harnesses, you
as a builders in the audience are I as a builders in the audience are I as a builders in the audience are I
think it's more and more and more moving think it's more and more and more moving think it's more and more and more moving
and shifting into this outcome based and shifting into this outcome based and shifting into this outcome based
pricing where you can basically go in pricing where you can basically go in pricing where you can basically go in
steer the sales conversation in the steer the sales conversation in the steer the sales conversation in the
sense that your achantic system might sense that your achantic system might sense that your achantic system might
yield saving X or augmenting of revenue yield saving X or augmenting of revenue yield saving X or augmenting of revenue
Y and you have taken kind of a share Y and you have taken kind of a share Y and you have taken kind of a share
then you have an incentive again to make then you have an incentive again to make then you have an incentive again to make
your input that it needs to actually your input that it needs to actually your input that it needs to actually
execute that as cheap as possible as execute that as cheap as possible as execute that as cheap as possible as
effective and efficient as possible and effective and efficient as possible and effective and efficient as possible and
at the same time maximize and use that at the same time maximize and use that at the same time maximize and use that
leverage that you're creating for the leverage that you're creating for the leverage that you're creating for the
client because ultimately this seems to client because ultimately this seems to client because ultimately this seems to
be the most win-win situation. You seem be the most win-win situation. You seem be the most win-win situation. You seem
to have the biggest margin. They seem to to have the biggest margin. They seem to to have the biggest margin. They seem to
be having the biggest impact based on be having the biggest impact based on be having the biggest impact based on
your chantic system on your AI agent your chantic system on your AI agent your chantic system on your AI agent
with harnesses basically. Whereas if you with harnesses basically. Whereas if you with harnesses basically. Whereas if you
basically just say this is a flat fee, I basically just say this is a flat fee, I basically just say this is a flat fee, I
think that's mostly that in AI and or think that's mostly that in AI and or think that's mostly that in AI and or
usage base because what if you kind of usage base because what if you kind of usage base because what if you kind of
approach the end of the month and you approach the end of the month and you approach the end of the month and you
have 7 10 or 15 employees that still have 7 10 or 15 employees that still have 7 10 or 15 employees that still
want to use the system but they kind of want to use the system but they kind of want to use the system but they kind of
used their usage. I think there's a used their usage. I think there's a used their usage. I think there's a
tendency that they would rather use a tendency that they would rather use a tendency that they would rather use a
competitor for a few days that actually competitor for a few days that actually competitor for a few days that actually
pay more usage or augments their usage pay more usage or augments their usage pay more usage or augments their usage
budget. So that actually drives away budget. So that actually drives away budget. So that actually drives away
probably great retention of of your probably great retention of of your probably great retention of of your
software as opposed to actually yielding software as opposed to actually yielding software as opposed to actually yielding
a material benefit financially. But a material benefit financially. But a material benefit financially. But
that's it for episode 45. It was a deep that's it for episode 45. It was a deep that's it for episode 45. It was a deep
dive on agentic engineering. It was a dive on agentic engineering. It was a dive on agentic engineering. It was a
deep dive on harness engineering, deep dive on harness engineering, deep dive on harness engineering,
context engineering, AI agent harnesses context engineering, AI agent harnesses context engineering, AI agent harnesses
and their benefit and their pivot also and their benefit and their pivot also and their benefit and their pivot also
to outcomebased pricing in this new to outcomebased pricing in this new to outcomebased pricing in this new
world of achantic artificial world of achantic artificial world of achantic artificial
intelligence. It was a pleasure to have intelligence. It was a pleasure to have intelligence. It was a pleasure to have
you on episode 45. We're approaching the you on episode 45. We're approaching the you on episode 45. We're approaching the
50s. And for everybody in the audience, 50s. And for everybody in the audience, 50s. And for everybody in the audience,
new episodes out every single week. new episodes out every single week. new episodes out every single week.
We're active mostly on YouTube, but also We're active mostly on YouTube, but also We're active mostly on YouTube, but also
sometimes on Tik Tok and LinkedIn. So, sometimes on Tik Tok and LinkedIn. So, sometimes on Tik Tok and LinkedIn. So,
feel free to connect, drop a comment, feel free to connect, drop a comment, feel free to connect, drop a comment,
and see you in episode 46. 