Today I'll show you how harness AI Today I'll show you how harness AI
supports developers across the entire supports developers across the entire supports developers across the entire
development life cycle from writing code development life cycle from writing code development life cycle from writing code
in the IDE all the way through to build in the IDE all the way through to build in the IDE all the way through to build
deploy and incident triage ending with deploy and incident triage ending with deploy and incident triage ending with
automated verification and safer automated verification and safer automated verification and safer
rollouts. rollouts. rollouts.
I'm starting here in my IDE which is I'm starting here in my IDE which is I'm starting here in my IDE which is
connected to harness via the MCP server. connected to harness via the MCP server. connected to harness via the MCP server.
Now, rather than scripting a pipeline by Now, rather than scripting a pipeline by Now, rather than scripting a pipeline by
hand, I'm simply going to prompt the hand, I'm simply going to prompt the hand, I'm simply going to prompt the
agent to create a pipeline for me and agent to create a pipeline for me and agent to create a pipeline for me and
trigger it. trigger it. trigger it.
The agent The agent The agent
connected to the harness MCP server uses connected to the harness MCP server uses connected to the harness MCP server uses
tools available to it to create that tools available to it to create that tools available to it to create that
pipeline firstly in my repository, pipeline firstly in my repository, pipeline firstly in my repository,
then in harness itself and triggers the then in harness itself and triggers the then in harness itself and triggers the
pipeline. pipeline. pipeline.
Now once it's done, it also then hands Now once it's done, it also then hands Now once it's done, it also then hands
me back the execution URL. me back the execution URL. me back the execution URL.
Let's go ahead and see our pipeline Let's go ahead and see our pipeline Let's go ahead and see our pipeline
running. Now we can see our pipeline is running. Now we can see our pipeline is running.
So now let's drill down into the So now let's drill down into the So now let's drill down into the
execution and watch it live. execution and watch it live. execution and watch it live.
So to recap, from a single prompt, we've So to recap, from a single prompt, we've So to recap, from a single prompt, we've
gone from our codebase gone from our codebase gone from our codebase
to a running CI/CD pipeline. to a running CI/CD pipeline. to a running CI/CD pipeline.
Now there's a failure. Let's not panic. Now there's a failure. Let's not panic. Now there's a failure. Let's not panic.
First thing I will do is simply head First thing I will do is simply head First thing I will do is simply head
back to the IDE back to the IDE back to the IDE
and ask the agent to help me diagnose and ask the agent to help me diagnose and ask the agent to help me diagnose
what's gone wrong with my execution. Again, Again,
it calls the MCP tools, fetches the it calls the MCP tools, fetches the it calls the MCP tools, fetches the
logs, logs, logs,
analyzes those logs, and surfaces the analyzes those logs, and surfaces the analyzes those logs, and surfaces the
issue for me. issue for me. issue for me.
It looks like it's found what the It looks like it's found what the It looks like it's found what the
problem is. And that looks like a failed problem is. And that looks like a failed problem is. And that looks like a failed
dependency. I'm going to ask the agent to help me I'm going to ask the agent to help me
fix it. So now it goes to find the offending So now it goes to find the offending
dependency and make changes to that dependency and make changes to that dependency and make changes to that
file. file. file.
Once the change has been made, Once the change has been made, Once the change has been made,
I'm going to commit the change, I'm going to commit the change, I'm going to commit the change,
push it upstream to my feature branch, and then raise a to my feature branch, and then raise a
pull request to merge that into my main pull request to merge that into my main pull request to merge that into my main
branch. Once I'm done, I'm going to ask the Once I'm done, I'm going to ask the
agent to re-trigger my pipeline. So again, the MCP server is called upon. So again, the MCP server is called upon.
The tools are used The tools are used The tools are used
to trigger the pipeline again. And now to trigger the pipeline again. And now to trigger the pipeline again. And now
it returns the execution URL. it returns the execution URL. it returns the execution URL.
So again, let's jump in and see what So again, let's jump in and see what So again, let's jump in and see what
that looks like. So now as the pipeline executes what we So now as the pipeline executes what we
expect is that our failed step should expect is that our failed step should expect is that our failed step should
succeed. It passes and now our build succeeds as It passes and now our build succeeds as
well. well. well.
Now with a successful build, we can now Now with a successful build, we can now Now with a successful build, we can now
deploy the artifact. In this case, we're deploy the artifact. In this case, we're deploy the artifact. In this case, we're
deploying it directly into our deploying it directly into our deploying it directly into our
Kubernetes cluster. Kubernetes cluster. Kubernetes cluster.
And so to recap, from a single prompt, we've built and from a single prompt, we've built and
deployed our application just from a single prompt. Job done, just from a single prompt. Job done,
right? It looks like HANA's AIS It looks like HANA's AIS
is calling me. We've triggered an alert from our EKS We've triggered an alert from our EKS
cluster. cluster. cluster.
And now when we jump into the alert, And now when we jump into the alert, And now when we jump into the alert,
we can see that an incident has been we can see that an incident has been we can see that an incident has been
created automatically. created automatically. created automatically.
The AS surre picks up on key events from The AS surre picks up on key events from The AS surre picks up on key events from
Slack service now and our team's call. Slack service now and our team's call. Slack service now and our team's call.
And now it looks like our team has And now it looks like our team has And now it looks like our team has
already been on the call to discuss what already been on the call to discuss what already been on the call to discuss what
the likely problems are. the likely problems are. the likely problems are.
What it then does is it correlates What it then does is it correlates What it then does is it correlates
all of these information sources and all of these information sources and all of these information sources and
gives us the probable root causes of gives us the probable root causes of gives us the probable root causes of
what could have gone wrong. From what we can see, From what we can see,
its verdict is the last deployment and its verdict is the last deployment and its verdict is the last deployment and
the last pull request we made are likely the last pull request we made are likely the last pull request we made are likely
the corporates and drilling info the corporates and drilling info the corporates and drilling info
confirms this. The most recent service confirms this. The most recent service confirms this. The most recent service
change in our dev environment triggered change in our dev environment triggered change in our dev environment triggered
this. this. this.
So now how do we fix this? Well, we So now how do we fix this? Well, we So now how do we fix this? Well, we
simply go back to the IDE simply go back to the IDE simply go back to the IDE
and there are two fixes we need to make. Firstly, Firstly,
we can roll back the service. So again, we can roll back the service. So again, we can roll back the service. So again,
we simply ask the agent to roll back the we simply ask the agent to roll back the we simply ask the agent to roll back the
service. service. service.
It uses a combination in this case of It uses a combination in this case of It uses a combination in this case of
Kubernetes MCP and harness MCP tools Kubernetes MCP and harness MCP tools Kubernetes MCP and harness MCP tools
uh to find the right deployment and uh to find the right deployment and uh to find the right deployment and
triggers the roll back. We can go into triggers the roll back. We can go into triggers the roll back. We can go into
that execution again to see what's that execution again to see what's that execution again to see what's
happened. And so what we can see now is And so what we can see now is
from a simple incident that was from an from a simple incident that was from an from a simple incident that was from an
incident that was created, we were incident that was created, we were incident that was created, we were
simply able to roll that back by using a simply able to roll that back by using a simply able to roll that back by using a
simple prompt. simple prompt. simple prompt.
Now that's reverted us to a known Now that's reverted us to a known Now that's reverted us to a known
version. How do we prevent this from version. How do we prevent this from version. How do we prevent this from
happening again? Firstly, resilience happening again? Firstly, resilience happening again? Firstly, resilience
testing. Harness surfaces AIdriven testing. Harness surfaces AIdriven testing. Harness surfaces AIdriven
recommendations for fault experiments to recommendations for fault experiments to recommendations for fault experiments to
run against our our pipeline. I select run against our our pipeline. I select run against our our pipeline. I select
the pipeline and add a CPU stress test the pipeline and add a CPU stress test the pipeline and add a CPU stress test
from those recommendations. from those recommendations. from those recommendations.
Done. Typically, this would have taken Done. Typically, this would have taken Done. Typically, this would have taken
days if not weeks to implement. Secondly, how else can we improve this? Secondly, how else can we improve this?
We can do this by changing our We can do this by changing our We can do this by changing our
deployment strategy. We've been doing a deployment strategy. We've been doing a deployment strategy. We've been doing a
simple rolling deployment. So, now let's simple rolling deployment. So, now let's simple rolling deployment. So, now let's
change it. In this case, I'll simply ask change it. In this case, I'll simply ask change it. In this case, I'll simply ask
the DevOps agent inside harness to the DevOps agent inside harness to the DevOps agent inside harness to
update the pipeline to use a canary update the pipeline to use a canary update the pipeline to use a canary
deployment with continuous verification. deployment with continuous verification. deployment with continuous verification.
Continuous verification uses machine Continuous verification uses machine Continuous verification uses machine
learning and AI to analyze your APM and learning and AI to analyze your APM and learning and AI to analyze your APM and
log data, automatically detecting log data, automatically detecting log data, automatically detecting
anomalies and trigger a roll back before anomalies and trigger a roll back before anomalies and trigger a roll back before
users are impacted, which would have users are impacted, which would have users are impacted, which would have
which would have prevented what we just which would have prevented what we just which would have prevented what we just
saw. Once the agent Once the agent
gives me the changes, I can review those gives me the changes, I can review those gives me the changes, I can review those
changes and then accept that change. And changes and then accept that change. And changes and then accept that change. And
now the pipeline has been updated. So now the pipeline has been updated. So now the pipeline has been updated. So
now we have a canary phase with an now we have a canary phase with an now we have a canary phase with an
approval gate and then a full rolling approval gate and then a full rolling approval gate and then a full rolling
deployment. deployment. deployment.
So to close, from a single prompt in the So to close, from a single prompt in the So to close, from a single prompt in the
IDE, we've built, deployed, triaged an incident, rolled back, and triaged an incident, rolled back, and
hardened our pipeline against future hardened our pipeline against future hardened our pipeline against future
failures. 