These past two months, the AI community These past two months, the AI community
has already realized that MCPs have a has already realized that MCPs have a has already realized that MCPs have a
huge problem. And due to this, the huge problem. And due to this, the huge problem. And due to this, the
community has actually come up with some community has actually come up with some community has actually come up with some
solutions. But all of the solutions have solutions. But all of the solutions have solutions. But all of the solutions have
huge gaps. A while back, we made a video huge gaps. A while back, we made a video huge gaps. A while back, we made a video
on Docker's solution, which we on Docker's solution, which we on Docker's solution, which we
considered the best solution to the MCP considered the best solution to the MCP considered the best solution to the MCP
problem until now. Docker released code problem until now. Docker released code problem until now. Docker released code
mode, which lets agents write JavaScript mode, which lets agents write JavaScript mode, which lets agents write JavaScript
code that calls MCP tools directly. And code that calls MCP tools directly. And code that calls MCP tools directly. And
this solved the problem where MCP tools this solved the problem where MCP tools this solved the problem where MCP tools
consume a lot of context by having the consume a lot of context by having the consume a lot of context by having the
tool and description exposed in the tool and description exposed in the tool and description exposed in the
context window. So if you are working context window. So if you are working context window. So if you are working
with a lot of MCPs, your context window with a lot of MCPs, your context window with a lot of MCPs, your context window
will be bloated with unnecessary tools will be bloated with unnecessary tools will be bloated with unnecessary tools
out of which most of them aren't even out of which most of them aren't even out of which most of them aren't even
needed most of the time. But with the needed most of the time. But with the needed most of the time. But with the
Docker MCP gateway, you were locked into Docker MCP gateway, you were locked into Docker MCP gateway, you were locked into
the MCPS Docker had configured and there the MCPS Docker had configured and there the MCPS Docker had configured and there
were limits on local and remote MCPs. were limits on local and remote MCPs. were limits on local and remote MCPs.
Also, you weren't able to save those Also, you weren't able to save those Also, you weren't able to save those
custom tools as functions. All of this custom tools as functions. All of this custom tools as functions. All of this
was triggered when Cloudflare identified was triggered when Cloudflare identified was triggered when Cloudflare identified
this issue and proposed a solution to this issue and proposed a solution to this issue and proposed a solution to
have these tools exist as executable have these tools exist as executable have these tools exist as executable
code rather than having them sit in the code rather than having them sit in the code rather than having them sit in the
context window. Anthropic who were the context window. Anthropic who were the context window. Anthropic who were the
original architects of this protocol original architects of this protocol original architects of this protocol
acknowledged this gap in their product acknowledged this gap in their product acknowledged this gap in their product
and followed up by releasing a paper and followed up by releasing a paper and followed up by releasing a paper
highlighting this exact issue. After highlighting this exact issue. After highlighting this exact issue. After
this, people started taking this problem this, people started taking this problem this, people started taking this problem
seriously and started exploring seriously and started exploring seriously and started exploring
solutions. But their solution of solutions. But their solution of solutions. But their solution of
converting every tool into a TypeScript converting every tool into a TypeScript converting every tool into a TypeScript
file also has gaps. With a lot of MCPs file also has gaps. With a lot of MCPs file also has gaps. With a lot of MCPs
connected, you have to convert each one connected, you have to convert each one connected, you have to convert each one
to code individually and you also need to code individually and you also need to code individually and you also need
to spend a lot of time to make sure that to spend a lot of time to make sure that to spend a lot of time to make sure that
none of them fail in the process. But none of them fail in the process. But none of them fail in the process. But
since this became an acknowledged since this became an acknowledged since this became an acknowledged
problem, people are still trying to problem, people are still trying to problem, people are still trying to
bring out better solutions. And this is bring out better solutions. And this is bring out better solutions. And this is
when we found this new tool called MCP2 when we found this new tool called MCP2 when we found this new tool called MCP2
CLI. MCP2 CLI solves the context bloat CLI. MCP2 CLI solves the context bloat CLI. MCP2 CLI solves the context bloat
problem that MCPs have by actually problem that MCPs have by actually problem that MCPs have by actually
turning all of the MCP servers into CLI turning all of the MCP servers into CLI turning all of the MCP servers into CLI
tools that you can run through bash tools that you can run through bash tools that you can run through bash
commands. Now, we primarily use cloud commands. Now, we primarily use cloud commands. Now, we primarily use cloud
code in our team and it actually has a code in our team and it actually has a code in our team and it actually has a
CLI flag that aims to solve a part of CLI flag that aims to solve a part of CLI flag that aims to solve a part of
this problem. That tool solves the this problem. That tool solves the this problem. That tool solves the
initial MCP context bloat problem by not initial MCP context bloat problem by not initial MCP context bloat problem by not
exposing all of the tools up front in exposing all of the tools up front in exposing all of the tools up front in
the context window, but it allows Claude the context window, but it allows Claude the context window, but it allows Claude
code to dynamically load each tool as code to dynamically load each tool as code to dynamically load each tool as
needed. But that still leaves out the needed. But that still leaves out the needed. But that still leaves out the
other issue in claude code. As you other issue in claude code. As you other issue in claude code. As you
probably know, MCPs return their outputs probably know, MCPs return their outputs probably know, MCPs return their outputs
directly in the context window. And in directly in the context window. And in directly in the context window. And in
case there is a large output returned by case there is a large output returned by case there is a large output returned by
the MCP tool, it remains in the context the MCP tool, it remains in the context the MCP tool, it remains in the context
window anyway, leading to unnecessary window anyway, leading to unnecessary window anyway, leading to unnecessary
context window bloat. Now, you might context window bloat. Now, you might context window bloat. Now, you might
also have heard about other open-source also have heard about other open-source also have heard about other open-source
tools such as CLI hub that target the tools such as CLI hub that target the tools such as CLI hub that target the
same problem, but they are inefficient same problem, but they are inefficient same problem, but they are inefficient
because they convert them at build time because they convert them at build time because they convert them at build time
and not at runtime. So, what does and not at runtime. So, what does and not at runtime. So, what does
runtime conversion actually mean? It runtime conversion actually mean? It runtime conversion actually mean? It
means the tool gets converted into a means the tool gets converted into a means the tool gets converted into a
bash command at the moment it's actually bash command at the moment it's actually bash command at the moment it's actually
called. Now, this might seem all right, called. Now, this might seem all right, called. Now, this might seem all right,
but what happens when the original MCP but what happens when the original MCP but what happens when the original MCP
itself gets updated? Because this tool itself gets updated? Because this tool itself gets updated? Because this tool
builds up its MCP tools at runtime, any builds up its MCP tools at runtime, any builds up its MCP tools at runtime, any
change in the actual MCP is change in the actual MCP is change in the actual MCP is
automatically reflected in the converted automatically reflected in the converted automatically reflected in the converted
tool. This wouldn't have been possible tool. This wouldn't have been possible tool. This wouldn't have been possible
if we were building tools at build time. if we were building tools at build time. if we were building tools at build time.
In that case, we would have had to In that case, we would have had to In that case, we would have had to
manually fetch and update the tool manually fetch and update the tool manually fetch and update the tool
ourselves every single time. But you ourselves every single time. But you ourselves every single time. But you
might think that converting the same might think that converting the same might think that converting the same
tool every time it's called would make tool every time it's called would make tool every time it's called would make
repeated calls slow. That's where the repeated calls slow. That's where the repeated calls slow. That's where the
caching mechanism comes in, which caching mechanism comes in, which caching mechanism comes in, which
they've built into the tool. It saves they've built into the tool. It saves they've built into the tool. It saves
all of the MCP tools in a cache with a 1 all of the MCP tools in a cache with a 1 all of the MCP tools in a cache with a 1
hour time to live by default. So all of hour time to live by default. So all of hour time to live by default. So all of
the frequently used MCP tools go right the frequently used MCP tools go right the frequently used MCP tools go right
into a cache and stay there for 1 hour. into a cache and stay there for 1 hour. into a cache and stay there for 1 hour.
And from there, the agent can get the And from there, the agent can get the And from there, the agent can get the
tools with faster retrieval without tools with faster retrieval without tools with faster retrieval without
sacrificing the runtime flexibility. sacrificing the runtime flexibility. sacrificing the runtime flexibility.
Now, this tool is built right on top of Now, this tool is built right on top of Now, this tool is built right on top of
the MCP Python SDK, the same one every the MCP Python SDK, the same one every the MCP Python SDK, the same one every
MCP server actually uses underneath. So, MCP server actually uses underneath. So, MCP server actually uses underneath. So,
with all of the MCP tool calls it runs, with all of the MCP tool calls it runs, with all of the MCP tool calls it runs,
it simply executes them as bash it simply executes them as bash it simply executes them as bash
commands, and only injects the response commands, and only injects the response commands, and only injects the response
into the agents context window when it's into the agents context window when it's into the agents context window when it's
asked to. It also handles open API and asked to. It also handles open API and asked to. It also handles open API and
REST APIs through the same CLI REST APIs through the same CLI REST APIs through the same CLI
interface, meaning any existing API that interface, meaning any existing API that interface, meaning any existing API that
doesn't have an MCP server can still be doesn't have an MCP server can still be doesn't have an MCP server can still be
used the exact same way. Without this used the exact same way. Without this used the exact same way. Without this
tool, you're limited in what type of tool, you're limited in what type of tool, you're limited in what type of
MCPS you can actually connect to. Other MCPS you can actually connect to. Other MCPS you can actually connect to. Other
similar solutions don't usually give you similar solutions don't usually give you similar solutions don't usually give you
flexibility to work with all types of flexibility to work with all types of flexibility to work with all types of
MCPS all in one place. To back up their MCPS all in one place. To back up their MCPS all in one place. To back up their
claims on token efficiency, they ran an claims on token efficiency, they ran an claims on token efficiency, they ran an
automated test suite using Tik Token, automated test suite using Tik Token, automated test suite using Tik Token,
the Python library for counting tokens. the Python library for counting tokens. the Python library for counting tokens.
When they tested it, the tool was much When they tested it, the tool was much When they tested it, the tool was much
cheaper and had much faster execution. cheaper and had much faster execution. cheaper and had much faster execution.
So, you don't just have to take our word So, you don't just have to take our word So, you don't just have to take our word
for this one. This one actually had the for this one. This one actually had the for this one. This one actually had the
numbers behind it. You can either numbers behind it. You can either numbers behind it. You can either
install it on your system using pip or install it on your system using pip or install it on your system using pip or
run it without installing. We chose to run it without installing. We chose to run it without installing. We chose to
run it without installing because it run it without installing because it run it without installing because it
keeps the working environment clean. And keeps the working environment clean. And keeps the working environment clean. And
they've also provided a skill that helps they've also provided a skill that helps they've also provided a skill that helps
agents work with this tool better. It agents work with this tool better. It agents work with this tool better. It
lays out the core workflow and gives lays out the core workflow and gives lays out the core workflow and gives
examples of the bash commands for examples of the bash commands for examples of the bash commands for
different tasks like authentication and different tasks like authentication and different tasks like authentication and
caching that your agent doesn't have the caching that your agent doesn't have the caching that your agent doesn't have the
context for. But before we move context for. But before we move context for. But before we move
forwards, let's have a word by our forwards, let's have a word by our forwards, let's have a word by our
sponsor, Orchids. Most AI builders sponsor, Orchids. Most AI builders sponsor, Orchids. Most AI builders
handle simple mock-ups well, but they handle simple mock-ups well, but they handle simple mock-ups well, but they
fail when you need complex logic or fail when you need complex logic or fail when you need complex logic or
multifile structures. That's where multifile structures. That's where multifile structures. That's where
Orchids comes in. The first AI agent Orchids comes in. The first AI agent Orchids comes in. The first AI agent
that can build and deploy any app on any that can build and deploy any app on any that can build and deploy any app on any
stack directly from your environment. stack directly from your environment. stack directly from your environment.
You can bring your own subscription to You can bring your own subscription to You can bring your own subscription to
run models at cost using your existing run models at cost using your existing run models at cost using your existing
chat GPT, Claude or Gemini accounts, chat GPT, Claude or Gemini accounts, chat GPT, Claude or Gemini accounts,
even GitHub copilot. It is built to even GitHub copilot. It is built to even GitHub copilot. It is built to
handle any app on any stack. You aren't handle any app on any stack. You aren't handle any app on any stack. You aren't
limited to just the web. You can build limited to just the web. You can build limited to just the web. You can build
and deploy everything from mobile apps and deploy everything from mobile apps and deploy everything from mobile apps
and Chrome extensions to complex AI and Chrome extensions to complex AI and Chrome extensions to complex AI
agents and Slack bots. Check out these agents and Slack bots. Check out these agents and Slack bots. Check out these
builds. A fully working openclaw setup builds. A fully working openclaw setup builds. A fully working openclaw setup
managing complex hardware level logic, a managing complex hardware level logic, a managing complex hardware level logic, a
functional Bloomberg terminal processing functional Bloomberg terminal processing functional Bloomberg terminal processing
massive live data feeds in real time and massive live data feeds in real time and massive live data feeds in real time and
native mobile apps like this building native mobile apps like this building native mobile apps like this building
identifier that leverages your devices identifier that leverages your devices identifier that leverages your devices
camera feed directly. Click the link in camera feed directly. Click the link in camera feed directly. Click the link in
the pinned comment and start building. the pinned comment and start building. the pinned comment and start building.
Plus, use the code march 15 for 15% off Plus, use the code march 15 for 15% off Plus, use the code march 15 for 15% off
your plan. Just like you, we also want your plan. Just like you, we also want your plan. Just like you, we also want
to get rich and one way is to notice a to get rich and one way is to notice a to get rich and one way is to notice a
gap in the market. And that's when we gap in the market. And that's when we gap in the market. And that's when we
came across this golden idea, Grinder came across this golden idea, Grinder came across this golden idea, Grinder
but for horses. But jokes aside, but for horses. But jokes aside, but for horses. But jokes aside,
building large-scale products requires a building large-scale products requires a building large-scale products requires a
lot of MCP tools because they have a lot lot of MCP tools because they have a lot lot of MCP tools because they have a lot
of dependencies and they bloat the of dependencies and they bloat the of dependencies and they bloat the
context window fast. We connected the context window fast. We connected the context window fast. We connected the
agent to the Superbase MCP using MCP to agent to the Superbase MCP using MCP to agent to the Superbase MCP using MCP to
CLI because that was the back-end CLI because that was the back-end CLI because that was the back-end
infrastructure we were using. Now you infrastructure we were using. Now you infrastructure we were using. Now you
don't have to configure anything don't have to configure anything don't have to configure anything
manually because of the skill we manually because of the skill we manually because of the skill we
installed earlier. That skill handles installed earlier. That skill handles installed earlier. That skill handles
everything on its own and configures the everything on its own and configures the everything on its own and configures the
MCPs for you. But before installing it MCPs for you. But before installing it MCPs for you. But before installing it
head first, you need to get the access head first, you need to get the access head first, you need to get the access
tokens of whichever MCP you are using tokens of whichever MCP you are using tokens of whichever MCP you are using
because if you don't do so, you'll run because if you don't do so, you'll run because if you don't do so, you'll run
into errors like we did after which we into errors like we did after which we into errors like we did after which we
got our access token generated and gave got our access token generated and gave got our access token generated and gave
it to Claude to add it. Once configured it to Claude to add it. Once configured it to Claude to add it. Once configured
correctly, you should be seeing the correctly, you should be seeing the correctly, you should be seeing the
tools available for use. Now, you might tools available for use. Now, you might tools available for use. Now, you might
think that if this tool runs as a bash think that if this tool runs as a bash think that if this tool runs as a bash
command, it's not safe to have sensitive command, it's not safe to have sensitive command, it's not safe to have sensitive
data like API keys and access tokens in data like API keys and access tokens in data like API keys and access tokens in
it because they could be exposed when it because they could be exposed when it because they could be exposed when
processes are listed. But this tool adds processes are listed. But this tool adds processes are listed. But this tool adds
a protection layer. It doesn't put a protection layer. It doesn't put a protection layer. It doesn't put
sensitive data in the command line sensitive data in the command line sensitive data in the command line
arguments. Instead, it handles them arguments. Instead, it handles them arguments. Instead, it handles them
through environment variables or it through environment variables or it through environment variables or it
references a file path where the access references a file path where the access references a file path where the access
tokens are saved or it uses a secret tokens are saved or it uses a secret tokens are saved or it uses a secret
manager that injects them at runtime. manager that injects them at runtime. manager that injects them at runtime.
So, it's secure to run. Similar to the So, it's secure to run. Similar to the So, it's secure to run. Similar to the
superbase connection, we connected the superbase connection, we connected the superbase connection, we connected the
GitHub MCP for version control, the GitHub MCP for version control, the GitHub MCP for version control, the
Puppeteer MCP for browser testing, and Puppeteer MCP for browser testing, and Puppeteer MCP for browser testing, and
the context 7 MCP for grounding the the context 7 MCP for grounding the the context 7 MCP for grounding the
agent with proper documentation so that agent with proper documentation so that agent with proper documentation so that
it works with updated docs. Once all the it works with updated docs. Once all the it works with updated docs. Once all the
MCPs were connected, we asked Claude to MCPs were connected, we asked Claude to MCPs were connected, we asked Claude to
verify everything. It confirmed that we verify everything. It confirmed that we verify everything. It confirmed that we
had all four MCPs connected, 78 tools in had all four MCPs connected, 78 tools in had all four MCPs connected, 78 tools in
total in our case. Also, if you are total in our case. Also, if you are total in our case. Also, if you are
enjoying our content, consider pressing enjoying our content, consider pressing enjoying our content, consider pressing
the hype button because it helps us the hype button because it helps us the hype button because it helps us
create more content like this and reach create more content like this and reach create more content like this and reach
out to more people. Now, once we were out to more people. Now, once we were out to more people. Now, once we were
actually connected, it was time to start actually connected, it was time to start actually connected, it was time to start
implementing the app incrementally. We implementing the app incrementally. We implementing the app incrementally. We
started with connecting the client side started with connecting the client side started with connecting the client side
code to the Superbase back end. When code to the Superbase back end. When code to the Superbase back end. When
Claude ran the MCP to CLI command to Claude ran the MCP to CLI command to Claude ran the MCP to CLI command to
create the project, we noticed that did create the project, we noticed that did create the project, we noticed that did
not put the access token directly into not put the access token directly into not put the access token directly into
the tool call. Instead, it referred to the tool call. Instead, it referred to the tool call. Instead, it referred to
ourv.local at the project level for the ourv.local at the project level for the ourv.local at the project level for the
token. It created the project, set token. It created the project, set token. It created the project, set
everything up, and added in the logic everything up, and added in the logic everything up, and added in the logic
for connecting in the code. But we for connecting in the code. But we for connecting in the code. But we
noticed that it used the middleware file noticed that it used the middleware file noticed that it used the middleware file
for the session refresh logic, and it for the session refresh logic, and it for the session refresh logic, and it
shouldn't have been using that because shouldn't have been using that because shouldn't have been using that because
it's deprecated. The new version of it's deprecated. The new version of it's deprecated. The new version of
Nex.js used the proxy and we knew this Nex.js used the proxy and we knew this Nex.js used the proxy and we knew this
would give us an error when we actually would give us an error when we actually would give us an error when we actually
ran the app. This just shows that ran the app. This just shows that ran the app. This just shows that
connecting tools is not enough to make connecting tools is not enough to make connecting tools is not enough to make
the agent listen to the tools and the agent listen to the tools and the agent listen to the tools and
actually use them when needed. So we actually use them when needed. So we actually use them when needed. So we
created a claw.md and told it to use the created a claw.md and told it to use the created a claw.md and told it to use the
context 7mcp before writing any code so context 7mcp before writing any code so context 7mcp before writing any code so
this wouldn't happen again. That way it this wouldn't happen again. That way it this wouldn't happen again. That way it
knows it should refer to the context 7 knows it should refer to the context 7 knows it should refer to the context 7
mcp before implementation. Once it had mcp before implementation. Once it had mcp before implementation. Once it had
finished adding tables and setting up finished adding tables and setting up finished adding tables and setting up
authentication on superbase, we pointed authentication on superbase, we pointed authentication on superbase, we pointed
out the deprecated middleware warning to out the deprecated middleware warning to out the deprecated middleware warning to
claude so that it could correct it. claude so that it could correct it. claude so that it could correct it.
After we told it to, it finally used the After we told it to, it finally used the After we told it to, it finally used the
context 7 MCP to pull in the context 7 MCP to pull in the context 7 MCP to pull in the
documentation and resolve the issue documentation and resolve the issue documentation and resolve the issue
properly. But when we were exploring properly. But when we were exploring properly. But when we were exploring
this tool further, we found out that this tool further, we found out that this tool further, we found out that
there was a better way to handle these there was a better way to handle these there was a better way to handle these
issues than creating a claw.md file. issues than creating a claw.md file. issues than creating a claw.md file.
Skills are better because their Skills are better because their Skills are better because their
descriptions are loaded directly into descriptions are loaded directly into descriptions are loaded directly into
the agents context. So, it already knows the agents context. So, it already knows the agents context. So, it already knows
what tools are available and when to use what tools are available and when to use what tools are available and when to use
them rather than us just dumping them rather than us just dumping them rather than us just dumping
instructions into claude.mmd and hoping instructions into claude.mmd and hoping instructions into claude.mmd and hoping
it reads them. So, we asked it to create it reads them. So, we asked it to create it reads them. So, we asked it to create
a skill for all of the MCPS we had a skill for all of the MCPS we had a skill for all of the MCPS we had
connected. Claude then created skills connected. Claude then created skills connected. Claude then created skills
for each MCP. Each one detailed what for each MCP. Each one detailed what for each MCP. Each one detailed what
tools it had, how to use them, and when tools it had, how to use them, and when tools it had, how to use them, and when
to use them. With that in place, we to use them. With that in place, we to use them. With that in place, we
moved to the next problem. But what we moved to the next problem. But what we moved to the next problem. But what we
had was purely far from functional. The had was purely far from functional. The had was purely far from functional. The
feedback from the horses told us that feedback from the horses told us that feedback from the horses told us that
they were getting impatient because they they were getting impatient because they they were getting impatient because they
were unable to chat directly on the were unable to chat directly on the were unable to chat directly on the
platform. So, we asked Claude to make platform. So, we asked Claude to make platform. So, we asked Claude to make
the chat functional for the project on the chat functional for the project on the chat functional for the project on
top of the UI. When we tested it top of the UI. When we tested it top of the UI. When we tested it
ourselves, the messages didn't load and ourselves, the messages didn't load and ourselves, the messages didn't load and
only showed a loading screen. So, we only showed a loading screen. So, we only showed a loading screen. So, we
asked it to use the Puppeteer MCP to asked it to use the Puppeteer MCP to asked it to use the Puppeteer MCP to
test the message flow. We had it check test the message flow. We had it check test the message flow. We had it check
itself because an agent that can click itself because an agent that can click itself because an agent that can click
and scroll and interact with its own UI and scroll and interact with its own UI and scroll and interact with its own UI
catches things that static code review catches things that static code review catches things that static code review
never can. For testing purposes, it never can. For testing purposes, it never can. For testing purposes, it
created two users, but it couldn't created two users, but it couldn't created two users, but it couldn't
maintain session data across tool calls maintain session data across tool calls maintain session data across tool calls
since each one spun up a new browser since each one spun up a new browser since each one spun up a new browser
instance. The number of tools it used instance. The number of tools it used instance. The number of tools it used
and the time it took to work in a and the time it took to work in a and the time it took to work in a
headless browser made us realize headless browser made us realize headless browser made us realize
something. A better option would be to something. A better option would be to something. A better option would be to
just let the MCP handle it. It was much just let the MCP handle it. It was much just let the MCP handle it. It was much
faster and took far less time than the 7 faster and took far less time than the 7 faster and took far less time than the 7
minutes we wasted on such a simple task. minutes we wasted on such a simple task. minutes we wasted on such a simple task.
We prefer using Claude's own browser We prefer using Claude's own browser We prefer using Claude's own browser
extension that works better with more extension that works better with more extension that works better with more
capabilities and is able to retain capabilities and is able to retain capabilities and is able to retain
sessions better for end-to-end testings sessions better for end-to-end testings sessions better for end-to-end testings
like these. And MCPs run as persistent like these. And MCPs run as persistent like these. And MCPs run as persistent
processes which is why they're able to processes which is why they're able to processes which is why they're able to
maintain state across the entire maintain state across the entire maintain state across the entire
session. This tool also provides control session. This tool also provides control session. This tool also provides control
over the output format like JSON and raw over the output format like JSON and raw over the output format like JSON and raw
output. It also supports tune the token output. It also supports tune the token output. It also supports tune the token
efficient coding format for LLM efficient coding format for LLM efficient coding format for LLM
consumption. When we work with MCPS like consumption. When we work with MCPS like consumption. When we work with MCPS like
context 7, they usually return a huge context 7, they usually return a huge context 7, they usually return a huge
chunk of output directly into the chunk of output directly into the chunk of output directly into the
context window. To prevent that, we context window. To prevent that, we context window. To prevent that, we
added in the claude.m MD file that added in the claude.m MD file that added in the claude.m MD file that
whenever it uses the context 7 MCP, it whenever it uses the context 7 MCP, it whenever it uses the context 7 MCP, it
should use the tune format for output. should use the tune format for output. should use the tune format for output.
It's an efficient format because it It's an efficient format because it It's an efficient format because it
combines indentation and CSV style combines indentation and CSV style combines indentation and CSV style
lists, compacting large information into lists, compacting large information into lists, compacting large information into
much smaller chunks as compared to JSON much smaller chunks as compared to JSON much smaller chunks as compared to JSON
and YAML. This way, you don't waste any and YAML. This way, you don't waste any and YAML. This way, you don't waste any
tokens unnecessarily. But the biggest tokens unnecessarily. But the biggest tokens unnecessarily. But the biggest
unlock came from something that wasn't unlock came from something that wasn't unlock came from something that wasn't
even possible when MCPs were handled even possible when MCPs were handled even possible when MCPs were handled
natively by agents. If you remember, natively by agents. If you remember, natively by agents. If you remember,
cursor released a context editing cursor released a context editing cursor released a context editing
workflow inside its product. They workflow inside its product. They workflow inside its product. They
treated MCP results as files and let the treated MCP results as files and let the treated MCP results as files and let the
agent use bash scripts like Grep for agent use bash scripts like Grep for agent use bash scripts like Grep for
pattern matching to extract data. We pattern matching to extract data. We pattern matching to extract data. We
covered that in our previous video. We covered that in our previous video. We covered that in our previous video. We
tried to implement this idea in other tried to implement this idea in other tried to implement this idea in other
coding agents, but since MCPS are coding agents, but since MCPS are coding agents, but since MCPS are
handled natively by agents, we weren't handled natively by agents, we weren't handled natively by agents, we weren't
able to get much out of it. But now with able to get much out of it. But now with able to get much out of it. But now with
this CLI, it's possible because MCPS are this CLI, it's possible because MCPS are this CLI, it's possible because MCPS are
treated as bash command tools. So we treated as bash command tools. So we treated as bash command tools. So we
added an instruction in the cloud.MD added an instruction in the cloud.MD added an instruction in the cloud.MD
file that whenever any MCP tool produces file that whenever any MCP tool produces file that whenever any MCP tool produces
a large output, instead of loading it a large output, instead of loading it a large output, instead of loading it
into the context window, it should into the context window, it should into the context window, it should
redirect it to a file at the path we redirect it to a file at the path we redirect it to a file at the path we
specified. We were tracking this specified. We were tracking this specified. We were tracking this
project's progress through a project's progress through a project's progress through a
progress.json file. After adding the progress.json file. After adding the progress.json file. After adding the
instruction, we asked Claude to instruction, we asked Claude to instruction, we asked Claude to
implement one feature from the list. It implement one feature from the list. It implement one feature from the list. It
then used the context 7mcp for tool then used the context 7mcp for tool then used the context 7mcp for tool
calls, but instead of dumping the output calls, but instead of dumping the output calls, but instead of dumping the output
to the context window, it piped it to a to the context window, it piped it to a to the context window, it piped it to a
file and used GP to extract the data and file and used GP to extract the data and file and used GP to extract the data and
complete the implementation. The complete the implementation. The complete the implementation. The
claude.md file with all the best claude.md file with all the best claude.md file with all the best
practices to use this tool is available practices to use this tool is available practices to use this tool is available
in AIAS Pro. For those who don't know, in AIAS Pro. For those who don't know, in AIAS Pro. For those who don't know,
it's our recently launched community it's our recently launched community it's our recently launched community
where you get readytouse templates that where you get readytouse templates that where you get readytouse templates that
you can plug directly into your you can plug directly into your you can plug directly into your
projects. For this video and all projects. For this video and all projects. For this video and all
previous ones, if you found value in previous ones, if you found value in previous ones, if you found value in
what we do and want to support the what we do and want to support the what we do and want to support the
channel, this is the best way to do it. channel, this is the best way to do it. channel, this is the best way to do it.
the links in the description. That the links in the description. That the links in the description. That
brings us to the end of this video. If brings us to the end of this video. If brings us to the end of this video. If
you'd like to support the channel and you'd like to support the channel and you'd like to support the channel and
help us keep making videos like this, help us keep making videos like this, help us keep making videos like this,
you can do so by using the super thanks you can do so by using the super thanks you can do so by using the super thanks
button below. As always, thank you for button below. As always, thank you for button below. As always, thank you for
watching and I'll see you in the next watching and I'll see you in the next watching and I'll see you in the next
one. 