So in this section we're going to start So in this section we're going to start
our journey into multi- aent systems. our journey into multi- aent systems. our journey into multi- aent systems.
Multi-agent systems. Now let us begin by Multi-agent systems. Now let us begin by Multi-agent systems. Now let us begin by
developing the right mental model to developing the right mental model to developing the right mental model to
approach multi- aent systems in langraph approach multi- aent systems in langraph approach multi- aent systems in langraph
or multi- aent systems in general. Now or multi- aent systems in general. Now or multi- aent systems in general. Now
imagine that you have a house and you imagine that you have a house and you imagine that you have a house and you
need to fix a light bulb. You need to need to fix a light bulb. You need to need to fix a light bulb. You need to
fix your light bulb. So fix your light bulb. So fix your light bulb. So
the task the task the task
the task is to fix a light bulb. Let me the task is to fix a light bulb. Let me the task is to fix a light bulb. Let me
get this to medium. So fix a light bulb. get this to medium. So fix a light bulb. get this to medium. So fix a light bulb.
Yeah, that's the task. This is a single Yeah, that's the task. This is a single Yeah, that's the task. This is a single
task. And um you probably don't know how task. And um you probably don't know how task. And um you probably don't know how
to do it. So what do you do? You call an to do it. So what do you do? You call an to do it. So what do you do? You call an
electrician. You call an electrician. So electrician. You call an electrician. So electrician. You call an electrician. So
you simply give this task to you simply give this task to you simply give this task to
an electrician. Electrician. Let's pull that up a little Electrician. Let's pull that up a little
so that Yeah. So you give this task to so that Yeah. So you give this task to so that Yeah. So you give this task to
an electrician. an electrician. an electrician.
The electrician definitely has knowledge The electrician definitely has knowledge The electrician definitely has knowledge
about electrical fittings, fixing about electrical fittings, fixing about electrical fittings, fixing
electrical stuff and he comes around electrical stuff and he comes around electrical stuff and he comes around
with his tools and helps you to fix your with his tools and helps you to fix your with his tools and helps you to fix your
light bulb. Simple and straightforward. light bulb. Simple and straightforward. light bulb. Simple and straightforward.
Now that's what we've been doing so far. Now that's what we've been doing so far. Now that's what we've been doing so far.
We have been building single agents, We have been building single agents, We have been building single agents,
single agent, specialized agents that single agent, specialized agents that single agent, specialized agents that
perform one task. So you have a task. perform one task. So you have a task. perform one task. So you have a task.
You have a task and you give it to an You have a task and you give it to an You have a task and you give it to an
electrician and that electrician comes electrician and that electrician comes electrician and that electrician comes
with his tools with his knowledge with with his tools with his knowledge with with his tools with his knowledge with
the instructions you have given the the instructions you have given the the instructions you have given the
electrician which is your prompt in this electrician which is your prompt in this electrician which is your prompt in this
case and he gets the task done light case and he gets the task done light case and he gets the task done light
bulb fixed. That's a single agent. One bulb fixed. That's a single agent. One bulb fixed. That's a single agent. One
LLM instance with tools or can be LLM instance with tools or can be LLM instance with tools or can be
multiple LLM calls with tools, a system multiple LLM calls with tools, a system multiple LLM calls with tools, a system
prompt and a conversation history. And prompt and a conversation history. And prompt and a conversation history. And
everything happens in one context everything happens in one context everything happens in one context
window, one decision-m loop. That is window, one decision-m loop. That is window, one decision-m loop. That is
what a single agent does. A single what a single agent does. A single what a single agent does. A single
specialized agent just like the one we specialized agent just like the one we specialized agent just like the one we
have seen with the create agent react have seen with the create agent react have seen with the create agent react
agent. You build an agent that is agent. You build an agent that is agent. You build an agent that is
specialized to perform one task. Now specialized to perform one task. Now specialized to perform one task. Now
what if you want to renovate an entire what if you want to renovate an entire what if you want to renovate an entire
apartment? You want to renovate your apartment? You want to renovate your apartment? You want to renovate your
entire apartment. That is not one simple entire apartment. That is not one simple entire apartment. That is not one simple
straightforward task. So now the task is straightforward task. So now the task is straightforward task. So now the task is
to renovate So, you need to renovate your apartment. So, you need to renovate your apartment.
And part of the tasks involve electrical And part of the tasks involve electrical And part of the tasks involve electrical
work. There's going to be some plumbing work. There's going to be some plumbing work. There's going to be some plumbing
work. There is going to be probably some work. There is going to be probably some work. There is going to be probably some
wood work. You might want to have pop wood work. You might want to have pop wood work. You might want to have pop
fittings. You might want to have a fittings. You might want to have a fittings. You might want to have a
garden outside and all sort of stuff. So garden outside and all sort of stuff. So garden outside and all sort of stuff. So
despite this being a single goal which despite this being a single goal which despite this being a single goal which
is renovate apartment, it consists of is renovate apartment, it consists of is renovate apartment, it consists of
several tasks and most likely one person several tasks and most likely one person several tasks and most likely one person
is not going to handle all that task is not going to handle all that task is not going to handle all that task
except you have a GI Joe hand and man except you have a GI Joe hand and man except you have a GI Joe hand and man
that just knows how to do everything but that just knows how to do everything but that just knows how to do everything but
no most of the time you will need to no most of the time you will need to no most of the time you will need to
delegate to different experts. So for delegate to different experts. So for delegate to different experts. So for
electrical stuff you call your electrical stuff you call your electrical stuff you call your
electrician. electrician. electrician.
For plumbing tasks, you call a plumber. For gardening tasks, For gardening tasks,
you call a gardener. you call a gardener. you call a gardener.
And I'm sure you get the gist. You call And I'm sure you get the gist. You call And I'm sure you get the gist. You call
a gardener. a gardener. a gardener.
So you call these guys and you delegate So you call these guys and you delegate So you call these guys and you delegate
tasks to each of them. Each of them have tasks to each of them. Each of them have tasks to each of them. Each of them have
their own set of instructions. Each of their own set of instructions. Each of their own set of instructions. Each of
them come with their own set of tools them come with their own set of tools them come with their own set of tools
and each of them have their own area of and each of them have their own area of and each of them have their own area of
expertise. expertise. expertise.
This is how a multi- aent system works. This is how a multi- aent system works. This is how a multi- aent system works.
When you have a goal that involves When you have a goal that involves When you have a goal that involves
several specialized tasks, you need to several specialized tasks, you need to several specialized tasks, you need to
build a multi- aent system. And with a build a multi- aent system. And with a build a multi- aent system. And with a
multi- aent system, you get to break multi- aent system, you get to break multi- aent system, you get to break
down this goal, have multiple agents, down this goal, have multiple agents, down this goal, have multiple agents,
each with their own specialized prompts, each with their own specialized prompts, each with their own specialized prompts,
their own focus tools, isolated context, their own focus tools, isolated context, their own focus tools, isolated context,
and all connected through a coordination and all connected through a coordination and all connected through a coordination
mechanism. Meaning that you have to mechanism. Meaning that you have to mechanism. Meaning that you have to
coordinate the activities between all coordinate the activities between all coordinate the activities between all
these guys because some of their tasks these guys because some of their tasks these guys because some of their tasks
can be done in parallel whereas some of can be done in parallel whereas some of can be done in parallel whereas some of
them have to complete their task before them have to complete their task before them have to complete their task before
another expert can take over. Did I another expert can take over. Did I another expert can take over. Did I
spell gardener well here? No, I don't spell gardener well here? No, I don't spell gardener well here? No, I don't
think so. Let's fix that. Uh, gardener. think so. Let's fix that. Uh, gardener. think so. Let's fix that. Uh, gardener.
Yeah. God, not gardener. So, sometimes Yeah. God, not gardener. So, sometimes Yeah. God, not gardener. So, sometimes
their tasks can be done in parallel. So, their tasks can be done in parallel. So, their tasks can be done in parallel. So,
let's say the electrician and the let's say the electrician and the let's say the electrician and the
gardener can be working simultaneously. gardener can be working simultaneously. gardener can be working simultaneously.
I I don't think it's going to be on rare I I don't think it's going to be on rare I I don't think it's going to be on rare
occasions where the gardener has to wait occasions where the gardener has to wait occasions where the gardener has to wait
for the electrician to finish his work for the electrician to finish his work for the electrician to finish his work
or the electrician has to wait for the or the electrician has to wait for the or the electrician has to wait for the
gardener to finish his work. But the gardener to finish his work. But the gardener to finish his work. But the
electrician and the plumber might not be electrician and the plumber might not be electrician and the plumber might not be
able to work at the same time. You might able to work at the same time. You might able to work at the same time. You might
want to finish your electrical work want to finish your electrical work want to finish your electrical work
before you start plumbing or you might before you start plumbing or you might before you start plumbing or you might
want to finish your plumbing work before want to finish your plumbing work before want to finish your plumbing work before
you start the electrical work. All these you start the electrical work. All these you start the electrical work. All these
coordination systems, we're going to be coordination systems, we're going to be coordination systems, we're going to be
seeing them in the way of design seeing them in the way of design seeing them in the way of design
patterns going forward. We're going to patterns going forward. We're going to patterns going forward. We're going to
be looking at different design patterns be looking at different design patterns be looking at different design patterns
that can be used to implement multi- that can be used to implement multi- that can be used to implement multi-
aent systems and we're also going to be aent systems and we're also going to be aent systems and we're also going to be
looking at how state is managed. So looking at how state is managed. So looking at how state is managed. So
multi-agent systems are all about multi-agent systems are all about multi-agent systems are all about
dividing cognitive labor. dividing dividing cognitive labor. dividing dividing cognitive labor. dividing
cognitive labor. Just as organizations cognitive labor. Just as organizations cognitive labor. Just as organizations
divide work among specialists, divide work among specialists, divide work among specialists,
multi-agent systems help you divide AI multi-agent systems help you divide AI multi-agent systems help you divide AI
work among focused agents that excel in work among focused agents that excel in work among focused agents that excel in
their own domain. So yeah, that's simply their own domain. So yeah, that's simply their own domain. So yeah, that's simply
multi-agent systems. Next, let us look multi-agent systems. Next, let us look multi-agent systems. Next, let us look
at the anatomy of a multi- aent system. at the anatomy of a multi- aent system. at the anatomy of a multi- aent system.
Before we do that, I'm just going to put Before we do that, I'm just going to put Before we do that, I'm just going to put
this in a frame. I'm going to put this in a frame. I'm going to put this in a frame. I'm going to put
everything here in a frame. Yeah, I like everything here in a frame. Yeah, I like everything here in a frame. Yeah, I like
properly organizing my stuff. So, let's properly organizing my stuff. So, let's properly organizing my stuff. So, let's
just have all this in a frame. Now, the just have all this in a frame. Now, the just have all this in a frame. Now, the
next thing we're going to look at is the next thing we're going to look at is the next thing we're going to look at is the
anatomy Anatomy of a multi-agent system. Let me Anatomy of a multi-agent system. Let me
just bump that up a little bit. So, just bump that up a little bit. So, just bump that up a little bit. So,
anatomy of a multi-agent system. What anatomy of a multi-agent system. What anatomy of a multi-agent system. What
are the things? What are the components are the things? What are the components are the things? What are the components
that a multi-agent system comprise of? that a multi-agent system comprise of? that a multi-agent system comprise of?
Now, the first is agents. for sure Now, the first is agents. for sure Now, the first is agents. for sure
agents. agents. agents.
So we have agents. So we have agents and as I've described So we have agents and as I've described
these are independent units with their these are independent units with their these are independent units with their
own LLM prompt tools and state access. own LLM prompt tools and state access. own LLM prompt tools and state access.
We already familiar with agents already We already familiar with agents already We already familiar with agents already
so there's no need to go deep into that. so there's no need to go deep into that. so there's no need to go deep into that.
Independent units with their own LLM Independent units with their own LLM Independent units with their own LLM
prompt tools and state access. Now the prompt tools and state access. Now the prompt tools and state access. Now the
key decisions that need to be made when key decisions that need to be made when key decisions that need to be made when
you're building your agent is first you you're building your agent is first you you're building your agent is first you
have to determine how specialized they have to determine how specialized they have to determine how specialized they
have to be, what tools per agent and have to be, what tools per agent and have to be, what tools per agent and
what's going to be the personality of what's going to be the personality of what's going to be the personality of
your agent and of course what are going your agent and of course what are going your agent and of course what are going
to be the constraints of your agent. So to be the constraints of your agent. So to be the constraints of your agent. So
basically your agent's scope. So how basically your agent's scope. So how basically your agent's scope. So how
specialized, what tools your agent has specialized, what tools your agent has specialized, what tools your agent has
access to and also your agent's access to and also your agent's access to and also your agent's
personality and constraints. personality and constraints. personality and constraints.
The second thing that comprises of a The second thing that comprises of a The second thing that comprises of a
multi- aent system multi- aent system multi- aent system
is the coordination mechanism. is the coordination mechanism. is the coordination mechanism.
Coordination mechanism. Coordination mechanism. Coordination mechanism.
Now this defines how your agents work Now this defines how your agents work Now this defines how your agents work
together. From the definition, a multi- together. From the definition, a multi- together. From the definition, a multi-
aent system consists of different agents aent system consists of different agents aent system consists of different agents
working together. So you have to define working together. So you have to define working together. So you have to define
how they work together. Who decides the how they work together. Who decides the how they work together. Who decides the
routing? How do the agents communicate? routing? How do the agents communicate? routing? How do the agents communicate?
what even triggers the transition from what even triggers the transition from what even triggers the transition from
one agent to another. And as I mentioned one agent to another. And as I mentioned one agent to another. And as I mentioned
earlier, we're going to be seeing that earlier, we're going to be seeing that earlier, we're going to be seeing that
in our multi-agent design patterns. in our multi-agent design patterns. in our multi-agent design patterns.
We're going to be looking at different We're going to be looking at different We're going to be looking at different
multi- aent design patterns in this multi- aent design patterns in this multi- aent design patterns in this
section. So that is all going to become section. So that is all going to become section. So that is all going to become
very clear very soon. very clear very soon. very clear very soon.
The next component is state management. State management very very important. State management very very important.
How do you manage data flow across How do you manage data flow across How do you manage data flow across
agents? What information stays agents? What information stays agents? What information stays
persistent across agent interactions? persistent across agent interactions? persistent across agent interactions?
What is shared? What is isolated? And What is shared? What is isolated? And What is shared? What is isolated? And
how does context flow through and how does context flow through and how does context flow through and
between your agents? So that's basically between your agents? So that's basically between your agents? So that's basically
what we're going to be looking at in what we're going to be looking at in what we're going to be looking at in
state management. And when we start state management. And when we start state management. And when we start
looking at design patterns, you will see looking at design patterns, you will see looking at design patterns, you will see
how each design pattern helps you manage how each design pattern helps you manage how each design pattern helps you manage
state. state. state.
Lastly, we have entry and exit points. Lastly, we have entry and exit points. Lastly, we have entry and exit points.
entry entry entry
and exit points. and exit points. and exit points.
Now, basically what this defines is the Now, basically what this defines is the Now, basically what this defines is the
interface with the users, the people interface with the users, the people interface with the users, the people
that are interacting with your multi- that are interacting with your multi- that are interacting with your multi-
aent system. At which point do they aent system. At which point do they aent system. At which point do they
enter data? Which agent is talking to enter data? Which agent is talking to enter data? Which agent is talking to
them? Can all the agents talk to them? them? Can all the agents talk to them? them? Can all the agents talk to them?
And also, how do the agent or agents get And also, how do the agent or agents get And also, how do the agent or agents get
to respond? Yeah. Entry point, which to respond? Yeah. Entry point, which to respond? Yeah. Entry point, which
agent is talking to them? How many agent is talking to them? How many agent is talking to them? How many
agents can talk to them? exit point agents can talk to them? exit point agents can talk to them? exit point
which agent replies them how many agents which agent replies them how many agents which agent replies them how many agents
can reply them. So that's basically uh can reply them. So that's basically uh can reply them. So that's basically uh
the four components of a multi- aent the four components of a multi- aent the four components of a multi- aent
system. Agents which are the specialized system. Agents which are the specialized system. Agents which are the specialized
components doing the work. What is your components doing the work. What is your components doing the work. What is your
coordination mechanism? Who is making coordination mechanism? Who is making coordination mechanism? Who is making
the decisions? How are decisions made? the decisions? How are decisions made? the decisions? How are decisions made?
State management. How does data flow State management. How does data flow State management. How does data flow
through and between agents? Which data through and between agents? Which data through and between agents? Which data
is isolated? Which data is shared? And is isolated? Which data is shared? And is isolated? Which data is shared? And
also entry and exit point. which agent also entry and exit point. which agent also entry and exit point. which agent
or agent get to talk with your user and or agent get to talk with your user and or agent get to talk with your user and
which agent or agent get to respond to which agent or agent get to respond to which agent or agent get to respond to
the user of the multi- aent system. So the user of the multi- aent system. So the user of the multi- aent system. So
basically that is the anatomy of a basically that is the anatomy of a basically that is the anatomy of a
multi- aent system. Now the next thing multi- aent system. Now the next thing multi- aent system. Now the next thing
we're going to be looking at and I'm we're going to be looking at and I'm we're going to be looking at and I'm
just going to create a new frame for just going to create a new frame for just going to create a new frame for
that. We're going to be looking at when that. We're going to be looking at when that. We're going to be looking at when
multi- aent systems make sense. When do multi- aent systems make sense. When do multi- aent systems make sense. When do
you actually have a multi- aent problem? you actually have a multi- aent problem? you actually have a multi- aent problem?
because you don't want to use a multi- because you don't want to use a multi- because you don't want to use a multi-
aent system when you don't need one. So, aent system when you don't need one. So, aent system when you don't need one. So,
when does it make sense for you to use a when does it make sense for you to use a when does it make sense for you to use a
multi- aent system? Let's have that multi- aent system? Let's have that multi- aent system? Let's have that
title up there. Um, that will be when title up there. Um, that will be when title up there. Um, that will be when
multi- multi- multi-
aent makes sense aent makes sense aent makes sense
because half of you building half of the because half of you building half of the because half of you building half of the
process of you building an agentic process of you building an agentic process of you building an agentic
system is making the right decisions. system is making the right decisions. system is making the right decisions.
You don't want to overengineer or have You don't want to overengineer or have You don't want to overengineer or have
overkills. So when does it make sense to overkills. So when does it make sense to overkills. So when does it make sense to
use a multi- aent system? use a multi- aent system? use a multi- aent system?
Let me make that extra. Okay. Yeah. When Let me make that extra. Okay. Yeah. When Let me make that extra. Okay. Yeah. When
multi- aents make sense. First is when multi- aents make sense. First is when multi- aents make sense. First is when
you start noticing that you have a tool you start noticing that you have a tool you start noticing that you have a tool
overload problem. A tool overload overload problem. A tool overload overload problem. A tool overload
problem. problem. problem.
Yeah. When you start building a single Yeah. When you start building a single Yeah. When you start building a single
agent and you start making it godlike agent and you start making it godlike agent and you start making it godlike
can do everything and you notice you are can do everything and you notice you are can do everything and you notice you are
having up to 30 tools or more having up to 30 tools or more having up to 30 tools or more
h that is going to confuse your LLM and h that is going to confuse your LLM and h that is going to confuse your LLM and
it will start making poor tool choices it will start making poor tool choices it will start making poor tool choices
and a lot of times it's going to even and a lot of times it's going to even and a lot of times it's going to even
start confusing tools or picking start confusing tools or picking start confusing tools or picking
irrelevant tools. So once you start irrelevant tools. So once you start irrelevant tools. So once you start
having up to 30 tools and more then you having up to 30 tools and more then you having up to 30 tools and more then you
should break things down. You you know should break things down. You you know should break things down. You you know
that you have gotten to an inflection that you have gotten to an inflection that you have gotten to an inflection
point and you have to actually break point and you have to actually break point and you have to actually break
things down. Distribute tools across things down. Distribute tools across things down. Distribute tools across
specialists and have like uh if you have specialists and have like uh if you have specialists and have like uh if you have
30 tools break them down into three 30 tools break them down into three 30 tools break them down into three
specialists and give each of them 10 specialists and give each of them 10 specialists and give each of them 10
tools. Give each of them 10 tools. So tools. Give each of them 10 tools. So tools. Give each of them 10 tools. So
when you start noticing a tool overload when you start noticing a tool overload when you start noticing a tool overload
that is a trigger that you might have to that is a trigger that you might have to that is a trigger that you might have to
redesign your system from a single agent redesign your system from a single agent redesign your system from a single agent
approach from using a single agent approach from using a single agent approach from using a single agent
approach to a multi- aent strategy. So approach to a multi- aent strategy. So approach to a multi- aent strategy. So
that's the first thing when you have that's the first thing when you have that's the first thing when you have
tool overload. tool overload. tool overload.
The second trigger to you knowing that The second trigger to you knowing that The second trigger to you knowing that
yeah it's time to introduce uh a multi- yeah it's time to introduce uh a multi- yeah it's time to introduce uh a multi-
aent strategy is when you start facing aent strategy is when you start facing aent strategy is when you start facing
context window limits context window limits context window limits
are facing context window limits. are facing context window limits. are facing context window limits.
Traditionally, single agents use one Traditionally, single agents use one Traditionally, single agents use one
LLM, so one context window. And quality LLM, so one context window. And quality LLM, so one context window. And quality
begins to degrade as conversation grows. begins to degrade as conversation grows. begins to degrade as conversation grows.
Once you start having long conversations Once you start having long conversations Once you start having long conversations
with your agent, imagine a user keeping with your agent, imagine a user keeping with your agent, imagine a user keeping
an agentic session on for days. And not an agentic session on for days. And not an agentic session on for days. And not
just days of being dominant. No, active just days of being dominant. No, active just days of being dominant. No, active
days. The quality of the conversation days. The quality of the conversation days. The quality of the conversation
would definitely degrade. The agent will would definitely degrade. The agent will would definitely degrade. The agent will
start to forget things. They'll start to start to forget things. They'll start to start to forget things. They'll start to
miss context. A lot of times h I I talk miss context. A lot of times h I I talk miss context. A lot of times h I I talk
to Gemini and it just gives me the wrong to Gemini and it just gives me the wrong to Gemini and it just gives me the wrong
thing. Like it just starts talking about thing. Like it just starts talking about thing. Like it just starts talking about
something I didn't refer to. Like there something I didn't refer to. Like there something I didn't refer to. Like there
was a time I was using Gemini to was a time I was using Gemini to was a time I was using Gemini to
generate um uh descriptions for my generate um uh descriptions for my generate um uh descriptions for my
YouTube videos. Then I'll give it a YouTube videos. Then I'll give it a YouTube videos. Then I'll give it a
topic and it will just go and pick an topic and it will just go and pick an topic and it will just go and pick an
old description and then I'm going to old description and then I'm going to old description and then I'm going to
correct it and I'll be like, "Oh yeah, correct it and I'll be like, "Oh yeah, correct it and I'll be like, "Oh yeah,
sorry I forgot." Yeah. Blah blah blah. sorry I forgot." Yeah. Blah blah blah. sorry I forgot." Yeah. Blah blah blah.
And also Claude, let me let me move on And also Claude, let me let me move on And also Claude, let me let me move on
the screen so that you know that your the screen so that you know that your the screen so that you know that your
screen is not frozen. Claude did screen is not frozen. Claude did screen is not frozen. Claude did
something um interesting recently. I was something um interesting recently. I was something um interesting recently. I was
trying to resume a conversation and he trying to resume a conversation and he trying to resume a conversation and he
told me that it is going to compact our told me that it is going to compact our told me that it is going to compact our
all our previous conversations because I all our previous conversations because I all our previous conversations because I
hadn't talked to it for like 2 days. So hadn't talked to it for like 2 days. So hadn't talked to it for like 2 days. So
it just popped up in uh uh progress bar it just popped up in uh uh progress bar it just popped up in uh uh progress bar
and the the message was compacting and the the message was compacting and the the message was compacting
compacting uh previous conversations compacting uh previous conversations compacting uh previous conversations
compacting previous conversations and I compacting previous conversations and I compacting previous conversations and I
know what it was doing behind the scenes know what it was doing behind the scenes know what it was doing behind the scenes
was that it was summarizing it was was that it was summarizing it was was that it was summarizing it was
summarizing the memory system because summarizing the memory system because summarizing the memory system because
there's this map reduce uh strategy you there's this map reduce uh strategy you there's this map reduce uh strategy you
can do with your long-term memory and can do with your long-term memory and can do with your long-term memory and
short-term memory and you can use it to short-term memory and you can use it to short-term memory and you can use it to
kind of summarize the previous uh kind of summarize the previous uh kind of summarize the previous uh
conversations so that it still makes conversations so that it still makes conversations so that it still makes
sense for preceding uh interactions. So sense for preceding uh interactions. So sense for preceding uh interactions. So
context window management is something context window management is something context window management is something
that you have to deal with a lot. Um that you have to deal with a lot. Um that you have to deal with a lot. Um
some models have large context windows. some models have large context windows. some models have large context windows.
U Gemini started giving us 1 million U Gemini started giving us 1 million U Gemini started giving us 1 million
tokens in the context window. Even there tokens in the context window. Even there tokens in the context window. Even there
are models in Gemini that give 2 are models in Gemini that give 2 are models in Gemini that give 2
million. But Antropic I don't think million. But Antropic I don't think million. But Antropic I don't think
Antropic has even cracked the 500k uh Antropic has even cracked the 500k uh Antropic has even cracked the 500k uh
limit. An entropic is always very very limit. An entropic is always very very limit. An entropic is always very very
conservative. Uh so I don't even think conservative. Uh so I don't even think conservative. Uh so I don't even think
they've cracked the 500k context window they've cracked the 500k context window they've cracked the 500k context window
limit. So when you see that when you limit. So when you see that when you limit. So when you see that when you
notice that uh for each as as the notice that uh for each as as the notice that uh for each as as the
conversation with a single agent grows conversation with a single agent grows conversation with a single agent grows
which is if you see that as a which is if you see that as a which is if you see that as a
possibility there's an indication that possibility there's an indication that possibility there's an indication that
the context window can grow beyond the context window can grow beyond the context window can grow beyond
necessary and you want to split things necessary and you want to split things necessary and you want to split things
up. So you do context isolation where up. So you do context isolation where up. So you do context isolation where
each agent works with only what it each agent works with only what it each agent works with only what it
needs. you break things down and you are needs. you break things down and you are needs. you break things down and you are
able to give different agents different able to give different agents different able to give different agents different
uh small pieces of the information uh small pieces of the information uh small pieces of the information
subsets of the information so that they subsets of the information so that they subsets of the information so that they
can work on it separately and each one can work on it separately and each one can work on it separately and each one
does not exhaust the uh available LLM does not exhaust the uh available LLM does not exhaust the uh available LLM
context window. So when you start having context window. So when you start having context window. So when you start having
context window limits that's another context window limits that's another context window limits that's another
indication that you have to use a multi- indication that you have to use a multi- indication that you have to use a multi-
aent strategy. Another indication is aent strategy. Another indication is aent strategy. Another indication is
when you start having sequential when you start having sequential when you start having sequential
constraints, constraints, constraints,
sequential sequential sequential
constraints constraints constraints
from the graphs we've been building and from the graphs we've been building and from the graphs we've been building and
even from the um single agent that we've even from the um single agent that we've even from the um single agent that we've
built using the create agent pattern built using the create agent pattern built using the create agent pattern
which definitely uses the react pattern which definitely uses the react pattern which definitely uses the react pattern
under under the hood. Um everything just under under the hood. Um everything just under under the hood. Um everything just
flows. Everything just flows. So if you flows. Everything just flows. So if you flows. Everything just flows. So if you
if you want to if we have a workflow and if you want to if we have a workflow and if you want to if we have a workflow and
it has point A, point B, point C, point it has point A, point B, point C, point it has point A, point B, point C, point
D, everything just flows. But what if D, everything just flows. But what if D, everything just flows. But what if
you have constraints? What if you have you have constraints? What if you have you have constraints? What if you have
to process to process to process
A and be done with it or have a A and be done with it or have a A and be done with it or have a
verification check before you can then verification check before you can then verification check before you can then
move to point B? move to point B? move to point B?
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
What if for example What if for example What if for example
in a in an account system you have to in a in an account system you have to in a in an account system you have to
verify your identity before you get verify your identity before you get verify your identity before you get
account access and also maybe you apply account access and also maybe you apply account access and also maybe you apply
for a refund but they need to verify for a refund but they need to verify for a refund but they need to verify
your warranty your warranty your warranty
before you can get the refund. before you can get the refund. before you can get the refund.
If you have those constraints, then you If you have those constraints, then you If you have those constraints, then you
want to you might want to introduce a um want to you might want to introduce a um want to you might want to introduce a um
multi- aent strategy because with multi- multi- aent strategy because with multi- multi- aent strategy because with multi-
aent, you can architecturally enforce a aent, you can architecturally enforce a aent, you can architecturally enforce a
handoff from one agent to another agent handoff from one agent to another agent handoff from one agent to another agent
or from one step to another step. Agent or from one step to another step. Agent or from one step to another step. Agent
B will be literally unreachable until B will be literally unreachable until B will be literally unreachable until
agent A completes. agent A completes. agent A completes.
Agent B will be unreachable until agent Agent B will be unreachable until agent Agent B will be unreachable until agent
A is done with his task. We're going to A is done with his task. We're going to A is done with his task. We're going to
be looking at a design pattern later be looking at a design pattern later be looking at a design pattern later
called handoff that is very perfect for called handoff that is very perfect for called handoff that is very perfect for
this type of scenario. So when you want this type of scenario. So when you want this type of scenario. So when you want
to introduce sequential constraints, you to introduce sequential constraints, you to introduce sequential constraints, you
might also want to consider a multi- might also want to consider a multi- might also want to consider a multi-
aent system. Another indication is when aent system. Another indication is when aent system. Another indication is when
you have strong parallelization needs. When you have strong parallelization When you have strong parallelization
needs, if tasks need to run or rather if needs, if tasks need to run or rather if needs, if tasks need to run or rather if
tasks can run in parallel, you should tasks can run in parallel, you should tasks can run in parallel, you should
not make them run sequentially. They not make them run sequentially. They not make them run sequentially. They
should not run sequentially. Like uh should not run sequentially. Like uh should not run sequentially. Like uh
using the renovation analogy that we using the renovation analogy that we using the renovation analogy that we
discussed earlier, you you shouldn't discussed earlier, you you shouldn't discussed earlier, you you shouldn't
your gardener shouldn't have to wait for your gardener shouldn't have to wait for your gardener shouldn't have to wait for
your electrician. Your gardener your electrician. Your gardener your electrician. Your gardener
shouldn't have to wait for your shouldn't have to wait for your shouldn't have to wait for your
electrician. Uh your electrician also electrician. Uh your electrician also electrician. Uh your electrician also
shouldn't have to wait for your shouldn't have to wait for your shouldn't have to wait for your
gardener. Why do you want green grass gardener. Why do you want green grass gardener. Why do you want green grass
before you can light up your house? So before you can light up your house? So before you can light up your house? So
it's unacceptable uh latency because it's unacceptable uh latency because it's unacceptable uh latency because
independent subtasks can run independent subtasks can run independent subtasks can run
sequentially. So you can use a multi- sequentially. So you can use a multi- sequentially. So you can use a multi-
aent system to dispatch tasks to aent system to dispatch tasks to aent system to dispatch tasks to
specialists simultaneously. You dispatch specialists simultaneously. You dispatch specialists simultaneously. You dispatch
tasks to specialist agents tasks to specialist agents tasks to specialist agents
simultaneously. simultaneously. simultaneously.
So that's one more indication. And the So that's one more indication. And the So that's one more indication. And the
last one we're going to discuss is when last one we're going to discuss is when last one we're going to discuss is when
you have organizational boundaries. Organizational boundaries. When you have Organizational boundaries. When you have
organizational boundaries, then that's organizational boundaries, then that's organizational boundaries, then that's
an indication that you should use a an indication that you should use a an indication that you should use a
multi- aent system. Now, as a rule of multi- aent system. Now, as a rule of multi- aent system. Now, as a rule of
thumb, if you are going to be designing thumb, if you are going to be designing thumb, if you are going to be designing
any kind of thing that has an any kind of thing that has an any kind of thing that has an
organizational structure, you have to go organizational structure, you have to go organizational structure, you have to go
with multi- aent systems. Yeah, you have with multi- aent systems. Yeah, you have with multi- aent systems. Yeah, you have
to go with multi- aent systems. You to go with multi- aent systems. You to go with multi- aent systems. You
can't be designing agency and it has can't be designing agency and it has can't be designing agency and it has
sales on one side, it has support on one sales on one side, it has support on one sales on one side, it has support on one
side, has engineering on one side and side, has engineering on one side and side, has engineering on one side and
you're trying to cram everything into a you're trying to cram everything into a you're trying to cram everything into a
single agent. Now, that's not going to single agent. Now, that's not going to single agent. Now, that's not going to
work. So, once you look at your task and work. So, once you look at your task and work. So, once you look at your task and
it looks like an organizational it looks like an organizational it looks like an organizational
structure, just go with multi- aent structure, just go with multi- aent structure, just go with multi- aent
system. Just go with multi- aent system. Just go with multi- aent system. Just go with multi- aent
systems. And also when you need uh systems. And also when you need uh systems. And also when you need uh
different teams to support different uh different teams to support different uh different teams to support different uh
aspects of your agentic system. For aspects of your agentic system. For aspects of your agentic system. For
example, you have an agentic system that example, you have an agentic system that example, you have an agentic system that
has a sales uh department. It has a has a sales uh department. It has a has a sales uh department. It has a
support department as an engineering support department as an engineering support department as an engineering
department. Definitely you want to department. Definitely you want to department. Definitely you want to
devote each agent to different teams in devote each agent to different teams in devote each agent to different teams in
your development team. In your your development team. In your your development team. In your
development uh uh team, you want to give development uh uh team, you want to give development uh uh team, you want to give
each each agent to different teams. This each each agent to different teams. This each each agent to different teams. This
is kind of like the same uristics that is kind of like the same uristics that is kind of like the same uristics that
is used to determine whether you should is used to determine whether you should is used to determine whether you should
use something like a microservices use something like a microservices use something like a microservices
system. A microservices um architecture system. A microservices um architecture system. A microservices um architecture
is not just something you just pull out is not just something you just pull out is not just something you just pull out
as a silver bullet to solve all your as a silver bullet to solve all your as a silver bullet to solve all your
problems. Once you notice that the way problems. Once you notice that the way problems. Once you notice that the way
your application is being built, you your application is being built, you your application is being built, you
need to devote different part of your need to devote different part of your need to devote different part of your
applications to different teams. You applications to different teams. You applications to different teams. You
might want to consider using a might want to consider using a might want to consider using a
microservices architecture. So it's microservices architecture. So it's microservices architecture. So it's
something that it is indicated something that it is indicated something that it is indicated
organizationally not even out not even organizationally not even out not even organizationally not even out not even
by complexity. So each team owns their by complexity. So each team owns their by complexity. So each team owns their
agent and you develop a central layer agent and you develop a central layer agent and you develop a central layer
that composes everything. So these are that composes everything. So these are that composes everything. So these are
your triggers to know when a multi- aent your triggers to know when a multi- aent your triggers to know when a multi- aent
system is required to do the work. But system is required to do the work. But system is required to do the work. But
if everything is still simple and if everything is still simple and if everything is still simple and
focused, you have like less than 15 focused, you have like less than 15 focused, you have like less than 15
tools. Um if you have tight latency tools. Um if you have tight latency tools. Um if you have tight latency
requirements because multi- aent systems requirements because multi- aent systems requirements because multi- aent systems
do add their own latency overhead. But do add their own latency overhead. But do add their own latency overhead. But
if you have tight latency requirements, if you have tight latency requirements, if you have tight latency requirements,
if you have limited budgets, that's if you have limited budgets, that's if you have limited budgets, that's
another thing you have to consider. how another thing you have to consider. how another thing you have to consider. how
much resources you have to develop also much resources you have to develop also much resources you have to develop also
and also when you are in early and also when you are in early and also when you are in early
development stage just go with single development stage just go with single development stage just go with single
agents just go with single agent but if agents just go with single agent but if agents just go with single agent but if
you tick three sometimes even two of you tick three sometimes even two of you tick three sometimes even two of
these boxes you want to consider using a these boxes you want to consider using a these boxes you want to consider using a
multi- aent approach anyway now let us multi- aent approach anyway now let us multi- aent approach anyway now let us
talk about benefits let's talk about talk about benefits let's talk about talk about benefits let's talk about
benefits yeah I think we can fit benefits yeah I think we can fit benefits yeah I think we can fit
benefits in here let me see see if I can benefits in here let me see see if I can benefits in here let me see see if I can
highlight all this highlight all this highlight all this
yeah good so we can fit benefits yeah good so we can fit benefits yeah good so we can fit benefits
somewhere here. So, what are the somewhere here. So, what are the somewhere here. So, what are the
benefits of using a multi- aent system? benefits of using a multi- aent system? benefits of using a multi- aent system?
The first is the first we're going to be The first is the first we're going to be The first is the first we're going to be
discussing is better accuracy. discussing is better accuracy. discussing is better accuracy.
Better accuracy. Let me take this down or not. Okay. So, Let me take this down or not. Okay. So,
the first is better accuracy. the first is better accuracy. the first is better accuracy.
Specialists always outperform Specialists always outperform Specialists always outperform
generalists in their domain. Yeah. generalists in their domain. Yeah. generalists in their domain. Yeah.
Specialists will always outperform Specialists will always outperform Specialists will always outperform
generalists. generalists. generalists.
Uh I I think I there's this saying I Uh I I think I there's this saying I Uh I I think I there's this saying I
heard that there is nothing that does heard that there is nothing that does heard that there is nothing that does
two things that is the best at one of two things that is the best at one of two things that is the best at one of
them. There's no there there's no them. There's no there there's no them. There's no there there's no
component that does two three things component that does two three things component that does two three things
that is the best at one of them. So just that is the best at one of them. So just that is the best at one of them. So just
an anecdotal saying to make you an anecdotal saying to make you an anecdotal saying to make you
understand that yeah you most likely understand that yeah you most likely understand that yeah you most likely
won't be able to outperform someone that won't be able to outperform someone that won't be able to outperform someone that
is a specialist in their own domain. is a specialist in their own domain. is a specialist in their own domain.
Yeah, you you can't outperform uh such Yeah, you you can't outperform uh such Yeah, you you can't outperform uh such
uh kind of people. A gy might know all uh kind of people. A gy might know all uh kind of people. A gy might know all
about child birth, but if you're going about child birth, but if you're going about child birth, but if you're going
to be going under the knife, uh you to be going under the knife, uh you to be going under the knife, uh you
would need a surgeon to come and perform would need a surgeon to come and perform would need a surgeon to come and perform
a CS operation. Yeah. So, just speaking a CS operation. Yeah. So, just speaking a CS operation. Yeah. So, just speaking
from some experience there. So, yeah. Um from some experience there. So, yeah. Um from some experience there. So, yeah. Um
you specialist will always outperform you specialist will always outperform you specialist will always outperform
generalist in their own domain. So, generalist in their own domain. So, generalist in their own domain. So,
that's that's that's the first thing. that's that's that's the first thing. that's that's that's the first thing.
The second thing is The second thing is The second thing is
better tool selection. Better tool selection. When you have an Better tool selection. When you have an
agent that is given fewer tools to work agent that is given fewer tools to work agent that is given fewer tools to work
with and has a better understanding of with and has a better understanding of with and has a better understanding of
his domain, it will make better choices. his domain, it will make better choices. his domain, it will make better choices.
That agent is going to make better That agent is going to make better That agent is going to make better
choices. If you give a generalist agent choices. If you give a generalist agent choices. If you give a generalist agent
50 tools, just just be prepared for your 50 tools, just just be prepared for your 50 tools, just just be prepared for your
agent to go off the rails. But if you agent to go off the rails. But if you agent to go off the rails. But if you
give a specialized agent five tools, give a specialized agent five tools, give a specialized agent five tools,
seven tools or at most 10 tools, then seven tools or at most 10 tools, then seven tools or at most 10 tools, then
you get uh uh uh better better you get uh uh uh better better you get uh uh uh better better
performance. Then you get better performance. Then you get better performance. Then you get better
performance. Then you can rest easy performance. Then you can rest easy performance. Then you can rest easy
knowing that your agent would make knowing that your agent would make knowing that your agent would make
better decisions. So that's another better decisions. So that's another better decisions. So that's another
thing. Also, there is the case for thing. Also, there is the case for thing. Also, there is the case for
maintenability. A multi- aent system is going to be A multi- aent system is going to be
easier to maintain because you can test easier to maintain because you can test easier to maintain because you can test
your agents independently. You can test your agents independently. You can test your agents independently. You can test
their capabilities independently. You their capabilities independently. You their capabilities independently. You
can write evals for them independently. can write evals for them independently. can write evals for them independently.
You're not trying to write evals for an You're not trying to write evals for an You're not trying to write evals for an
entire multi- aent an entire uh entire multi- aent an entire uh entire multi- aent an entire uh
monolithic agent that does like 50 monolithic agent that does like 50 monolithic agent that does like 50
different things. No, you test you can different things. No, you test you can different things. No, you test you can
you you can test your agents you you can test your agents you you can test your agents
independently. You can reason more about independently. You can reason more about independently. You can reason more about
your system compositionally. your system compositionally. your system compositionally.
So that's and and like we said um your So that's and and like we said um your So that's and and like we said um your
even your team is it's easier for your even your team is it's easier for your even your team is it's easier for your
team to manage different agents and you team to manage different agents and you team to manage different agents and you
don't have this single point of failure. don't have this single point of failure. don't have this single point of failure.
If one agent goes down the entire system If one agent goes down the entire system If one agent goes down the entire system
doesn't have to go down you which would doesn't have to go down you which would doesn't have to go down you which would
be the case if you have a single agent be the case if you have a single agent be the case if you have a single agent
that is trying to do a lot of things at that is trying to do a lot of things at that is trying to do a lot of things at
once. So yeah that's another uh benefit once. So yeah that's another uh benefit once. So yeah that's another uh benefit
for using multi- aent systems. Another for using multi- aent systems. Another for using multi- aent systems. Another
one is parallel execution. one is parallel execution. one is parallel execution.
Parallel execution uh we've discussed Parallel execution uh we've discussed Parallel execution uh we've discussed
that already so I don't need to say much that already so I don't need to say much that already so I don't need to say much
on that. on that. on that.
But guys, like I said, if tasks can be But guys, like I said, if tasks can be But guys, like I said, if tasks can be
performed simultaneously, don't run them performed simultaneously, don't run them performed simultaneously, don't run them
sequentially. That is just taking a sequentially. That is just taking a sequentially. That is just taking a
latency cost that is very very latency cost that is very very latency cost that is very very
avoidable. So you can process with avoidable. So you can process with avoidable. So you can process with
multi- aents, you can process multi- aents, you can process multi- aents, you can process
independent subtasks simultaneously. independent subtasks simultaneously. independent subtasks simultaneously.
Another thing is uh what we refer to as Another thing is uh what we refer to as Another thing is uh what we refer to as
graceful expansion. graceful expansion. graceful expansion.
Graceful. Graceful. Graceful.
Expansion. Expansion. Expansion.
graceful expansion. graceful expansion. graceful expansion.
Now what this means is that when you Now what this means is that when you Now what this means is that when you
have a multi- aent system, you can have a multi- aent system, you can have a multi- aent system, you can
easily add more specialist agents easily add more specialist agents easily add more specialist agents
without destabilizing the entire um without destabilizing the entire um without destabilizing the entire um
system. Yeah, you can add more sub system. Yeah, you can add more sub system. Yeah, you can add more sub
aents. For example, in our renovation aents. For example, in our renovation aents. For example, in our renovation
analogy, you've called an electrician analogy, you've called an electrician analogy, you've called an electrician
because you need electrical work done. because you need electrical work done. because you need electrical work done.
You've called a plumber because you need You've called a plumber because you need You've called a plumber because you need
plumbing work done. Your gardener is plumbing work done. Your gardener is plumbing work done. Your gardener is
doing his thing and you want to fix um doing his thing and you want to fix um doing his thing and you want to fix um
internet. Yeah, you want internet internet. Yeah, you want internet internet. Yeah, you want internet
connectivity in your house. You don't connectivity in your house. You don't connectivity in your house. You don't
have to uh you can't you don't have to have to uh you can't you don't have to have to uh you can't you don't have to
disrupt others. You can you just add a disrupt others. You can you just add a disrupt others. You can you just add a
provider and they will come with their provider and they will come with their provider and they will come with their
tools and get it all set up. You can get tools and get it all set up. You can get tools and get it all set up. You can get
it all set up. Fine. Some of their tasks it all set up. Fine. Some of their tasks it all set up. Fine. Some of their tasks
can be dependent on the electrical guy, can be dependent on the electrical guy, can be dependent on the electrical guy,
but still you can just add them without but still you can just add them without but still you can just add them without
disrupting uh any other person's work. disrupting uh any other person's work. disrupting uh any other person's work.
Um if you if you had a single like I Um if you if you had a single like I Um if you if you had a single like I
said GI Joe handman handling everything said GI Joe handman handling everything said GI Joe handman handling everything
and he's currently doing uh uh electric and he's currently doing uh uh electric and he's currently doing uh uh electric
work, then you tell him, "Oh, I need work, then you tell him, "Oh, I need work, then you tell him, "Oh, I need
internet connection." it will tell you internet connection." it will tell you internet connection." it will tell you
you have to wait. You would have to you have to wait. You would have to you have to wait. You would have to
wait. Let me be done with this then I wait. Let me be done with this then I wait. Let me be done with this then I
can move to that. But for uh a case can move to that. But for uh a case can move to that. But for uh a case
where you have proper division of labor, where you have proper division of labor, where you have proper division of labor,
you just call the other guys. And you you just call the other guys. And you you just call the other guys. And you
can even use you can even use a can even use you can even use a can even use you can even use a
different provider. Um you don't have to different provider. Um you don't have to different provider. Um you don't have to
have the same person giving you have the same person giving you have the same person giving you
electricity, giving you internet electricity, giving you internet electricity, giving you internet
connectivity. You can use different connectivity. You can use different connectivity. You can use different
provider. So graceful expansion, you can provider. So graceful expansion, you can provider. So graceful expansion, you can
easily expand, you can easily make your easily expand, you can easily make your easily expand, you can easily make your
system better. And you can also easily system better. And you can also easily system better. And you can also easily
remove. Yeah, you can remove if you remove. Yeah, you can remove if you remove. Yeah, you can remove if you
don't need an electrician anymore, you don't need an electrician anymore, you don't need an electrician anymore, you
just remove the electrician. That's just remove the electrician. That's just remove the electrician. That's
done. That's done. Other other people done. That's done. Other other people done. That's done. Other other people
continue with their work. So, yeah, continue with their work. So, yeah, continue with their work. So, yeah,
that's another big advantage to using that's another big advantage to using that's another big advantage to using
multi- aent systems. And lastly, we'll multi- aent systems. And lastly, we'll multi- aent systems. And lastly, we'll
look at something called enforced look at something called enforced look at something called enforced
compliance. Enforced compliance. Enforced compliance.
Because you have multi- agents, you can Because you have multi- agents, you can Because you have multi- agents, you can
easily build guard rails between how easily build guard rails between how easily build guard rails between how
they interact, how they share they interact, how they share they interact, how they share
information and even how information is information and even how information is information and even how information is
isolated. What information goes to isolated. What information goes to isolated. What information goes to
where. So your business rules have where. So your business rules have where. So your business rules have
become structural, not not advisory. Uh become structural, not not advisory. Uh become structural, not not advisory. Uh
you don't have to go to your prompt and you don't have to go to your prompt and you don't have to go to your prompt and
be prompting your agent to hell on what be prompting your agent to hell on what be prompting your agent to hell on what
it should do or what it should not do. it should do or what it should not do. it should do or what it should not do.
you can simply implement that within the you can simply implement that within the you can simply implement that within the
structure of the system so that it's structure of the system so that it's structure of the system so that it's
either a possibility constrained with either a possibility constrained with either a possibility constrained with
guardrails or it's not it's not just guardrails or it's not it's not just guardrails or it's not it's not just
going to happen at all if you don't want going to happen at all if you don't want going to happen at all if you don't want
it to happen at all. Agent A never sees it to happen at all. Agent A never sees it to happen at all. Agent A never sees
agents B's information whereas in a agents B's information whereas in a agents B's information whereas in a
monolithic system when you have a single monolithic system when you have a single monolithic system when you have a single
agent trying to do everything each task agent trying to do everything each task agent trying to do everything each task
is exposed to all the data for tasks is exposed to all the data for tasks is exposed to all the data for tasks
that don't even concern it. So yeah, that don't even concern it. So yeah, that don't even concern it. So yeah,
enforced compliance, those are your enforced compliance, those are your enforced compliance, those are your
benefits. So now that we've looked at benefits. So now that we've looked at benefits. So now that we've looked at
benefits, benefits, benefits,
let's also look at tradeoffs. let's also look at tradeoffs. let's also look at tradeoffs.
Take benefits here. And let us look at Take benefits here. And let us look at Take benefits here. And let us look at
trade-offs. There's no perfect system. trade-offs. There's no perfect system. trade-offs. There's no perfect system.
Every system comes with its own Every system comes with its own Every system comes with its own
trade-offs. That is the whole world of trade-offs. That is the whole world of trade-offs. That is the whole world of
architecture. So, what are the architecture. So, what are the architecture. So, what are the
trade-offs to using a multi- aent trade-offs to using a multi- aent trade-offs to using a multi- aent
system? What do you have to system? What do you have to system? What do you have to
be aware of? What are the caveats? be aware of? What are the caveats? be aware of? What are the caveats?
The first thing is increased latency. Get that. Yeah. Let me get it down a Get that. Yeah. Let me get it down a
notch. So, increased latency. Every notch. So, increased latency. Every notch. So, increased latency. Every
agent transition is one more LLM call. agent transition is one more LLM call. agent transition is one more LLM call.
Yeah. So all that moving around all Yeah. So all that moving around all Yeah. So all that moving around all
those all that information boss yeah those all that information boss yeah those all that information boss yeah
that's just extra latency just like a that's just extra latency just like a that's just extra latency just like a
microservices architecture or rather microservices architecture or rather microservices architecture or rather
just like in a microser architecture. So just like in a microser architecture. So just like in a microser architecture. So
yeah increased latency increased uh yeah increased latency increased uh yeah increased latency increased uh
communication management and stuff like communication management and stuff like communication management and stuff like
that. So you have to be aware of that. that. So you have to be aware of that. that. So you have to be aware of that.
Uh a multi a single agent system is Uh a multi a single agent system is Uh a multi a single agent system is
definitely going to be faster than a definitely going to be faster than a definitely going to be faster than a
multi- aent system. Second we have multi- aent system. Second we have multi- aent system. Second we have
higher costs. higher costs. higher costs.
higher higher higher
costs costs costs
which also kind of ties into the whole which also kind of ties into the whole which also kind of ties into the whole
uh latency thing. So you get a lot of uh latency thing. So you get a lot of uh latency thing. So you get a lot of
repeated calls, you get a lot of repeated calls, you get a lot of repeated calls, you get a lot of
repeated calls, for example, in a sub repeated calls, for example, in a sub repeated calls, for example, in a sub
agent pattern that we're going to be agent pattern that we're going to be agent pattern that we're going to be
looking at later. The sub agent looking at later. The sub agent looking at later. The sub agent
communicates to the agent, then the communicates to the agent, then the communicates to the agent, then the
agent has to communicate back. Sub aent agent has to communicate back. Sub aent agent has to communicate back. Sub aent
communicates to another agent, the agent communicates to another agent, the agent communicates to another agent, the agent
has to communicate back. So all that has to communicate back. So all that has to communicate back. So all that
back and forth is going to cost you more back and forth is going to cost you more back and forth is going to cost you more
tokens. So yeah, that's another thing to tokens. So yeah, that's another thing to tokens. So yeah, that's another thing to
be aware of. Also be aware of. Also be aware of. Also
there's more complexity. there's more complexity. there's more complexity.
There's more complexity. Like I said, There's more complexity. Like I said, There's more complexity. Like I said,
there has to be an information boss there has to be an information boss there has to be an information boss
system where you you decide how system where you you decide how system where you you decide how
information is going to flow, how it's information is going to flow, how it's information is going to flow, how it's
going to be managed. Also, you're going to be managed. Also, you're going to be managed. Also, you're
dealing with different agents. So, dealing with different agents. So, dealing with different agents. So,
there's a lot of contracts amongst them there's a lot of contracts amongst them there's a lot of contracts amongst them
that need to be fulfilled. The bugging that need to be fulfilled. The bugging that need to be fulfilled. The bugging
becomes harder and yeah more failure becomes harder and yeah more failure becomes harder and yeah more failure
modes and even you have to manage a lot modes and even you have to manage a lot modes and even you have to manage a lot
of consistency issues. So you are of consistency issues. So you are of consistency issues. So you are
definitely dealing with more complexity definitely dealing with more complexity definitely dealing with more complexity
here. Nothing comes for free, isn't it? here. Nothing comes for free, isn't it? here. Nothing comes for free, isn't it?
So yeah, more complexity. Now also So yeah, more complexity. Now also So yeah, more complexity. Now also
conversation coherence. Now here you have to manage information Now here you have to manage information
in such a way that when each agent gets in such a way that when each agent gets in such a way that when each agent gets
their task, they need to have everything their task, they need to have everything their task, they need to have everything
they need for their task. in a pattern they need for their task. in a pattern they need for their task. in a pattern
that we'll be looking at later called that we'll be looking at later called that we'll be looking at later called
handoff where one agent completes his handoff where one agent completes his handoff where one agent completes his
work and hands off to another agent. The work and hands off to another agent. The work and hands off to another agent. The
handover has to be pristine in such a handover has to be pristine in such a handover has to be pristine in such a
way that the new agent has everything it way that the new agent has everything it way that the new agent has everything it
needs. It doesn't just it doesn't like needs. It doesn't just it doesn't like needs. It doesn't just it doesn't like
miss any context. So the everything has miss any context. So the everything has miss any context. So the everything has
to be consistent. Everything has to be to be consistent. Everything has to be to be consistent. Everything has to be
consistent. If you have a case whereby consistent. If you have a case whereby consistent. If you have a case whereby
the old flow starts feeling inconsistent the old flow starts feeling inconsistent the old flow starts feeling inconsistent
to some agent, they will not know what to some agent, they will not know what to some agent, they will not know what
to do. They will just hallucinate or to do. They will just hallucinate or to do. They will just hallucinate or
just go off the tracks. So yeah, these just go off the tracks. So yeah, these just go off the tracks. So yeah, these
are another complexity that you have to are another complexity that you have to are another complexity that you have to
manage. You have to make sure that the manage. You have to make sure that the manage. You have to make sure that the
conversation between your agent is conversation between your agent is conversation between your agent is
coherent. Each agent understands what is coherent. Each agent understands what is coherent. Each agent understands what is
going on. Each agent knows what to do going on. Each agent knows what to do going on. Each agent knows what to do
and each agent has everything it needs and each agent has everything it needs and each agent has everything it needs
to do what it needs to do. So yeah, to do what it needs to do. So yeah, to do what it needs to do. So yeah,
those are your uh trade-offs. But in a those are your uh trade-offs. But in a those are your uh trade-offs. But in a
situation that requires a multi- aent situation that requires a multi- aent situation that requires a multi- aent
system, this is totally worth it. This system, this is totally worth it. This system, this is totally worth it. This
totally worth it because a bunch of totally worth it because a bunch of totally worth it because a bunch of
situations are out there that you can situations are out there that you can situations are out there that you can
only attack with a multi- aent system. only attack with a multi- aent system. only attack with a multi- aent system.
So you should be ready to deal with all So you should be ready to deal with all So you should be ready to deal with all
this uh is all part of engineering. So this uh is all part of engineering. So this uh is all part of engineering. So
now that we've looked at when agent now that we've looked at when agent now that we've looked at when agent
makes sense and the benefits and makes sense and the benefits and makes sense and the benefits and
trade-offs, let us take a look trade-offs, let us take a look trade-offs, let us take a look
at what all this looks like in Langraph at what all this looks like in Langraph at what all this looks like in Langraph
just from a very zoomed out level. What just from a very zoomed out level. What just from a very zoomed out level. What
all this means in Langraph. all this means in Langraph. all this means in Langraph.
Frame me. Let me get this out. So Frame me. Let me get this out. So Frame me. Let me get this out. So
what do we title this? Uh let's just say what do we title this? Uh let's just say what do we title this? Uh let's just say
the graph abstraction. So the graph the graph abstraction. So the graph the graph abstraction. So the graph
abstraction definitely could have given it a simpler definitely could have given it a simpler
name but yeah let's just roll with that. name but yeah let's just roll with that. name but yeah let's just roll with that.
So the graph abstraction what does it So the graph abstraction what does it So the graph abstraction what does it
mean? Uh how do these things or how are mean? Uh how do these things or how are mean? Uh how do these things or how are
these things represented in what we've these things represented in what we've these things represented in what we've
learned so far in lang graph. So first learned so far in lang graph. So first learned so far in lang graph. So first
nodes, your nodes, what do your nodes represent in a multi- what do your nodes represent in a multi-
aent system? Your nodes represent aent system? Your nodes represent aent system? Your nodes represent
your agents. your agents. your agents.
They can represent your agents. They can represent your agents. They can represent your agents.
They can also represent They can also represent They can also represent
your functions, tasks, stuff you need to your functions, tasks, stuff you need to your functions, tasks, stuff you need to
do. do. do.
and they can just represent and they can just represent and they can just represent
a particular computation for example in a pattern known as the for example in a pattern known as the
routing pattern can just there's a step routing pattern can just there's a step routing pattern can just there's a step
where it just categorizes a task. So where it just categorizes a task. So where it just categorizes a task. So
that's that's basically just a that's that's basically just a that's that's basically just a
computation or you can also take it as a computation or you can also take it as a computation or you can also take it as a
function. So yeah that's what your node function. So yeah that's what your node function. So yeah that's what your node
represent agents they can be the agents represent agents they can be the agents represent agents they can be the agents
themselves or the sub aents they can be themselves or the sub aents they can be themselves or the sub aents they can be
functions and they can just be functions and they can just be functions and they can just be
computations. Uh so that's nodes. So computations. Uh so that's nodes. So computations. Uh so that's nodes. So
what about edges? What do edges what about edges? What do edges what about edges? What do edges
represent? Edges are simple. They are simply your Edges are simple. They are simply your
transportation mechanism. transportation mechanism. transportation mechanism.
So So So
transition transition transition
between between between
agents basically. So they do what they agents basically. So they do what they agents basically. So they do what they
know how to do best. They help you move know how to do best. They help you move know how to do best. They help you move
between agents. between agents. between agents.
They are what you're going to use to They are what you're going to use to They are what you're going to use to
determine the routing pattern that goes determine the routing pattern that goes determine the routing pattern that goes
on within your multi- aent system. on within your multi- aent system. on within your multi- aent system.
Next is state. Say state Say state
and state represents the information and state represents the information and state represents the information
flow. information flow information flow
between agents. between agents. between agents.
Yeah, your state represents your Yeah, your state represents your Yeah, your state represents your
information flow between agents. Uh your information flow between agents. Uh your information flow between agents. Uh your
edges represent your transition between edges represent your transition between edges represent your transition between
agents, both your direct edges and your agents, both your direct edges and your agents, both your direct edges and your
conditional edges. Uh you can use your conditional edges. Uh you can use your conditional edges. Uh you can use your
conditional edges to do runtime routing conditional edges to do runtime routing conditional edges to do runtime routing
decisions and your nodes represent your decisions and your nodes represent your decisions and your nodes represent your
agents or your sub agents, your agents or your sub agents, your agents or your sub agents, your
functions or your computations and all functions or your computations and all functions or your computations and all
that. So yeah, that's uh what these core that. So yeah, that's uh what these core that. So yeah, that's uh what these core
elements represent. I get everything. Uh okay. Yeah, good. I get everything. Uh okay. Yeah, good.
That's what these guys represent. Now That's what these guys represent. Now That's what these guys represent. Now
what about some other stuff that we what about some other stuff that we what about some other stuff that we
know? know? know?
Some other stuff we've worked with Some other stuff we've worked with Some other stuff we've worked with
things like checkpointing and stuff. things like checkpointing and stuff. things like checkpointing and stuff.
For checkpointing For checkpointing For checkpointing
that's persistent with shorter memory. that's persistent with shorter memory. that's persistent with shorter memory.
So checkpointing if you want to if you So checkpointing if you want to if you So checkpointing if you want to if you
want your multi- aent system to have want your multi- aent system to have want your multi- aent system to have
memory between runs which you most memory between runs which you most memory between runs which you most
likely want but sometimes you know it's likely want but sometimes you know it's likely want but sometimes you know it's
just a single turn a single turn can just a single turn a single turn can just a single turn a single turn can
solve your task u probably just a one solve your task u probably just a one solve your task u probably just a one
shot thing it's just a one one request shot thing it's just a one one request shot thing it's just a one one request
thing and it just runs through one turn thing and it just runs through one turn thing and it just runs through one turn
and it's done. But yeah, but if you're and it's done. But yeah, but if you're and it's done. But yeah, but if you're
going to be coming back and you're going going to be coming back and you're going going to be coming back and you're going
to be asking follow-up questions, you're to be asking follow-up questions, you're to be asking follow-up questions, you're
going to be giving follow-up task, going to be giving follow-up task, going to be giving follow-up task,
follow-up instructions, you want to make follow-up instructions, you want to make follow-up instructions, you want to make
sure that your multi- aent system has a sure that your multi- aent system has a sure that your multi- aent system has a
checkpointter. And the good thing about checkpointter. And the good thing about checkpointter. And the good thing about
uh checkpointing in Lang Graph is that uh checkpointing in Lang Graph is that uh checkpointing in Lang Graph is that
it flows down. So once you give the once it flows down. So once you give the once it flows down. So once you give the once
you give the main agent, if you give the you give the main agent, if you give the you give the main agent, if you give the
overall system a checkpoint, it flows overall system a checkpoint, it flows overall system a checkpoint, it flows
down to all the sub agents. So down to all the sub agents. So down to all the sub agents. So
checkpointing helps you to uh persist checkpointing helps you to uh persist checkpointing helps you to uh persist
for long running and resumable for long running and resumable for long running and resumable
workflows. workflows. workflows.
Uh then we have command and send or Uh then we have command and send or Uh then we have command and send or
let's just say command first. let's just say command first. let's just say command first.
Command command does what it does. You Command command does what it does. You Command command does what it does. You
use it to update state within a sub use it to update state within a sub use it to update state within a sub
agent. You can update state within a sub agent. You can update state within a sub agent. You can update state within a sub
agent and you can also use it to agent and you can also use it to agent and you can also use it to
navigate to uh another agent uh another navigate to uh another agent uh another navigate to uh another agent uh another
um downstream agent. So basically what um downstream agent. So basically what um downstream agent. So basically what
we know about command but in multi- aent we know about command but in multi- aent we know about command but in multi- aent
systems it becomes even more handy as systems it becomes even more handy as systems it becomes even more handy as
you can use it to dynamically update you can use it to dynamically update you can use it to dynamically update
state and also dynamically navigate state and also dynamically navigate state and also dynamically navigate
and we have send. and we have send. and we have send.
Send is going to be our main tool for Send is going to be our main tool for Send is going to be our main tool for
parallel operations. So anytime you need parallel operations. So anytime you need parallel operations. So anytime you need
to dispatch operations in parallel, to dispatch operations in parallel, to dispatch operations in parallel,
anytime you need to dispatch tasks in anytime you need to dispatch tasks in anytime you need to dispatch tasks in
parallel, you definitely want to use parallel, you definitely want to use parallel, you definitely want to use
send. You want to use send. So send. You want to use send. So send. You want to use send. So
that is what multi-agent systems look that is what multi-agent systems look that is what multi-agent systems look
like in Langraph. Now we're going to like in Langraph. Now we're going to like in Langraph. Now we're going to
wrap up this video by looking at the wrap up this video by looking at the wrap up this video by looking at the
different design patterns. This is not different design patterns. This is not different design patterns. This is not
where we go deep into the design where we go deep into the design where we go deep into the design
patterns. We're just going to discuss patterns. We're just going to discuss patterns. We're just going to discuss
them because uh we can then look at each them because uh we can then look at each them because uh we can then look at each
one later in full detail in other one later in full detail in other one later in full detail in other
videos. But let us look at videos. But let us look at videos. But let us look at
design patterns design patterns design patterns
available in line graph for building available in line graph for building available in line graph for building
multi- aent systems. multi- aent systems. multi- aent systems.
So design patterns just going to briefly discuss them just going to briefly discuss them
and you know get you excited about them. and you know get you excited about them. and you know get you excited about them.
So the first pattern is sub agents. sub So the first pattern is sub agents. sub So the first pattern is sub agents. sub
agents. In a sub aent system, you have a agents. In a sub aent system, you have a agents. In a sub aent system, you have a
main agent that serves as a supervisor main agent that serves as a supervisor main agent that serves as a supervisor
and coordinates other specialists which and coordinates other specialists which and coordinates other specialists which
are sub agents are sub agents are sub agents
to do their tasks. So that's basically to do their tasks. So that's basically to do their tasks. So that's basically
what sub agent does. It's very very what sub agent does. It's very very what sub agent does. It's very very
aligned with the whole innovation aligned with the whole innovation aligned with the whole innovation
strategy. You are the main agent, you strategy. You are the main agent, you strategy. You are the main agent, you
are the coordinator and you're are the coordinator and you're are the coordinator and you're
coordinating different uh specialists to coordinating different uh specialists to coordinating different uh specialists to
do their job in your house. So, so sub do their job in your house. So, so sub do their job in your house. So, so sub
agents that's your first pattern. agents that's your first pattern. agents that's your first pattern.
Next, we have another pattern known as Next, we have another pattern known as Next, we have another pattern known as
handoffs. Handoffs. Handoffs.
The handoffs pattern. Now, what happens The handoffs pattern. Now, what happens The handoffs pattern. Now, what happens
in the handoffs pattern is that when you in the handoffs pattern is that when you in the handoffs pattern is that when you
have a goal and you know that that goal have a goal and you know that that goal have a goal and you know that that goal
can only be achieved by having different can only be achieved by having different can only be achieved by having different
specialists, but you have a very specialists, but you have a very specialists, but you have a very
sequential flow. You have a very sequential flow. You have a very sequential flow. You have a very
sequential flow. One guy finishes his sequential flow. One guy finishes his sequential flow. One guy finishes his
work, then he hands off to another one. work, then he hands off to another one. work, then he hands off to another one.
That one finishes his own work, then he That one finishes his own work, then he That one finishes his own work, then he
hands off to another one. That is where hands off to another one. That is where hands off to another one. That is where
you use the handoff pattern. There's no you use the handoff pattern. There's no you use the handoff pattern. There's no
coordinator. Basically, one guy starts, coordinator. Basically, one guy starts, coordinator. Basically, one guy starts,
hands off to the next one, and the next hands off to the next one, and the next hands off to the next one, and the next
one gets or rather picks up the task one gets or rather picks up the task one gets or rather picks up the task
from there, continues, stops at the from there, continues, stops at the from there, continues, stops at the
point, hands over to the next one. So point, hands over to the next one. So point, hands over to the next one. So
peer-to-peer transitions, that's what peer-to-peer transitions, that's what peer-to-peer transitions, that's what
goes on in the handoffs pattern. goes on in the handoffs pattern. goes on in the handoffs pattern.
The next pattern is the skills pattern. The next pattern is the skills pattern. The next pattern is the skills pattern.
is skills pattern and I'm sure you had is skills pattern and I'm sure you had is skills pattern and I'm sure you had
skills skills skills a lot these days. skills skills skills a lot these days. skills skills skills a lot these days.
There's a whole skills I train in cloud There's a whole skills I train in cloud There's a whole skills I train in cloud
code and some other um AI tools um all code and some other um AI tools um all code and some other um AI tools um all
over X Twitter all over uh LinkedIn over X Twitter all over uh LinkedIn over X Twitter all over uh LinkedIn
these days. So yeah, it's a skills these days. So yeah, it's a skills these days. So yeah, it's a skills
pattern and the skills pattern is pattern and the skills pattern is pattern and the skills pattern is
basically like a shape-shifting uh basically like a shape-shifting uh basically like a shape-shifting uh
agent. It's still is actually one agent agent. It's still is actually one agent agent. It's still is actually one agent
but that agent has the ability to load but that agent has the ability to load but that agent has the ability to load
different skills based on what you want. different skills based on what you want. different skills based on what you want.
So he's like that GI Joe Andy man So he's like that GI Joe Andy man So he's like that GI Joe Andy man
actually an Andy man that can that has a actually an Andy man that can that has a actually an Andy man that can that has a
lot of knowledge has electrical lot of knowledge has electrical lot of knowledge has electrical
knowledge he has plumbing knowledge he knowledge he has plumbing knowledge he knowledge he has plumbing knowledge he
has gardening knowledge he has for has gardening knowledge he has for has gardening knowledge he has for
knowledge he has even knowledge of pop. knowledge he has even knowledge of pop. knowledge he has even knowledge of pop.
So when you want when you want to do pop So when you want when you want to do pop So when you want when you want to do pop
it just loads pop knowledge but you want it just loads pop knowledge but you want it just loads pop knowledge but you want
to do uh electric work it loads the to do uh electric work it loads the to do uh electric work it loads the
electrical knowledge. So that is what electrical knowledge. So that is what electrical knowledge. So that is what
the skills pattern does self the skills pattern does self the skills pattern does self
augmentation on an as needed basis. And augmentation on an as needed basis. And augmentation on an as needed basis. And
the last one is the router pattern. the last one is the router pattern. the last one is the router pattern.
the router pattern which is specifically the router pattern which is specifically the router pattern which is specifically
designed for you to dispatch tasks in designed for you to dispatch tasks in designed for you to dispatch tasks in
parallel. Once the task needs to be parallel. Once the task needs to be parallel. Once the task needs to be
dispatched in parallel, different dispatched in parallel, different dispatched in parallel, different
operations running at the same time, not operations running at the same time, not operations running at the same time, not
conditionally but by design, you use the conditionally but by design, you use the conditionally but by design, you use the
router pattern. Use the router pattern. router pattern. Use the router pattern. router pattern. Use the router pattern.
So, so what the router does is that it So, so what the router does is that it So, so what the router does is that it
takes a goal, breaks it down, dispatches takes a goal, breaks it down, dispatches takes a goal, breaks it down, dispatches
it in parallel and synthesizes the it in parallel and synthesizes the it in parallel and synthesizes the
results. That's basically what it does. results. That's basically what it does. results. That's basically what it does.
Then you can always always always always Then you can always always always always Then you can always always always always
build a custom flow. build a custom flow. build a custom flow.
Can always build a custom flow. Uh we've Can always build a custom flow. Uh we've Can always build a custom flow. Uh we've
learned lang graph enough that you can learned lang graph enough that you can learned lang graph enough that you can
build any type of graph. You can direct build any type of graph. You can direct build any type of graph. You can direct
your graph in any way. So if your task your graph in any way. So if your task your graph in any way. So if your task
doesn't fit into any of this patterns doesn't fit into any of this patterns doesn't fit into any of this patterns
that we're going to be looking at at that we're going to be looking at at that we're going to be looking at at
more detail later. If your task doesn't more detail later. If your task doesn't more detail later. If your task doesn't
fit into any pattern, you can just go fit into any pattern, you can just go fit into any pattern, you can just go
raw and design your graph from scratch raw and design your graph from scratch raw and design your graph from scratch
in whatever way. Use an ibrid of in whatever way. Use an ibrid of in whatever way. Use an ibrid of
different patterns. use your own custom different patterns. use your own custom different patterns. use your own custom
flows, custom design, whatever you flows, custom design, whatever you flows, custom design, whatever you
design flows. Yeah. So, yeah, design design flows. Yeah. So, yeah, design design flows. Yeah. So, yeah, design
patterns. That's the last thing we're patterns. That's the last thing we're patterns. That's the last thing we're
going to be discussing here. Uh just as going to be discussing here. Uh just as going to be discussing here. Uh just as
a quick bonus, I'm going to show you a quick bonus, I'm going to show you a quick bonus, I'm going to show you
uh like a preview. I did a I did a uh like a preview. I did a I did a uh like a preview. I did a I did a
diagram of all these patterns, but we're diagram of all these patterns, but we're diagram of all these patterns, but we're
still going to be looking at them later. still going to be looking at them later. still going to be looking at them later.
But yeah, this is a preview of the But yeah, this is a preview of the But yeah, this is a preview of the
different patterns. Uh this is the sub different patterns. Uh this is the sub different patterns. Uh this is the sub
agent pattern. A coordinator agent pattern. A coordinator agent pattern. A coordinator
giving tasks to different specialized giving tasks to different specialized giving tasks to different specialized
agents and getting feedback. Handoffs, agents and getting feedback. Handoffs, agents and getting feedback. Handoffs,
one agent handing off to another one. one agent handing off to another one. one agent handing off to another one.
Skills, loading skills on demand from a Skills, loading skills on demand from a Skills, loading skills on demand from a
whole toolbox. And the router pattern, whole toolbox. And the router pattern, whole toolbox. And the router pattern,
which definitely splits tasks in which definitely splits tasks in which definitely splits tasks in
parallel and synthesizes the results parallel and synthesizes the results parallel and synthesizes the results
from the specialized agents that have from the specialized agents that have from the specialized agents that have
worked on it. So yeah, this is multi- worked on it. So yeah, this is multi- worked on it. So yeah, this is multi-
aents. This is your introduction to aents. This is your introduction to aents. This is your introduction to
multi- aent and from here you can pick multi- aent and from here you can pick multi- aent and from here you can pick
this knowledge and start extending it this knowledge and start extending it this knowledge and start extending it
through the lessons that are going to be through the lessons that are going to be through the lessons that are going to be
coming up next. In this video, we're going to be In this video, we're going to be
discussing and really looking at the sub discussing and really looking at the sub discussing and really looking at the sub
aent multi- aent pattern. This is going aent multi- aent pattern. This is going aent multi- aent pattern. This is going
to be the first multi- aent uh system to be the first multi- aent uh system to be the first multi- aent uh system
pattern that we're going to be looking pattern that we're going to be looking pattern that we're going to be looking
at, the sub aent pattern. Now, imagine at, the sub aent pattern. Now, imagine at, the sub aent pattern. Now, imagine
you're the HR at a company. So, this is you're the HR at a company. So, this is you're the HR at a company. So, this is
you, you, you,
HR, and the boss says, "Let's get a text." and the boss says, "Let's get a text."
The boss says, "It's Suz's birthday. The boss says, "It's Suz's birthday. The boss says, "It's Suz's birthday.
Make sure you organize something special Make sure you organize something special Make sure you organize something special
for her." So, as the HR, you get into for her." So, as the HR, you get into for her." So, as the HR, you get into
action. What would we need for Suz's action. What would we need for Suz's action. What would we need for Suz's
birthday? Definitely won't want to miss birthday? Definitely won't want to miss birthday? Definitely won't want to miss
out on a cake. So, you need to call a out on a cake. So, you need to call a out on a cake. So, you need to call a
baker. baker. baker.
You need to call a baker. to get a cake. Now, what next? Um, we to get a cake. Now, what next? Um, we
need balloons. We need to have the staff need balloons. We need to have the staff need balloons. We need to have the staff
room decorated. So, yeah, definitely we room decorated. So, yeah, definitely we room decorated. So, yeah, definitely we
need a decorator or an event planner or need a decorator or an event planner or need a decorator or an event planner or
whatever. Um, let's just say decorator. whatever. Um, let's just say decorator. whatever. Um, let's just say decorator.
Let's let's call them that. Let's let's call them that. Let's let's call them that.
Decorator Decorator Decorator
to make sure that the staff room is to make sure that the staff room is to make sure that the staff room is
decorated and everything is nice for decorated and everything is nice for decorated and everything is nice for
Suz's birthday. Then we like to eat Suz's birthday. Then we like to eat Suz's birthday. Then we like to eat
something. We like to eat something. So something. We like to eat something. So something. We like to eat something. So
let's get a kra. let's get a kra. let's get a kra.
Let's get a kra. Let's just do for that. Let's get a kra. Let's just do for that. Let's get a kra. Let's just do for that.
So let's get a kra to take care of that. So let's get a kra to take care of that. So let's get a kra to take care of that.
So you're calling these guys and as you So you're calling these guys and as you So you're calling these guys and as you
prepare you communicate with the baker, prepare you communicate with the baker, prepare you communicate with the baker,
get the status of the cake. You guys get the status of the cake. You guys get the status of the cake. You guys
communicate back and forth. communicate back and forth. communicate back and forth.
The baker gets back to you, gives you The baker gets back to you, gives you The baker gets back to you, gives you
the progress report and definitely tells the progress report and definitely tells the progress report and definitely tells
you when it's done. So you get that you when it's done. So you get that you when it's done. So you get that
information. Then you also communicate information. Then you also communicate information. Then you also communicate
with the decorator who also gives you with the decorator who also gives you with the decorator who also gives you
their bill. You negotiate, you get their bill. You negotiate, you get their bill. You negotiate, you get
everything done, they implement, they everything done, they implement, they everything done, they implement, they
get back to you. All this communication get back to you. All this communication get back to you. All this communication
going on. Sometimes simultaneous, going on. Sometimes simultaneous, going on. Sometimes simultaneous,
sometimes not simultaneous, but sometimes not simultaneous, but sometimes not simultaneous, but
communication is going on between you communication is going on between you communication is going on between you
and and and
these guys. And at the end of the day, these guys. And at the end of the day, these guys. And at the end of the day,
you make sure that everything, all their you make sure that everything, all their you make sure that everything, all their
tasks is ammonized. And Susie gets a tasks is ammonized. And Susie gets a tasks is ammonized. And Susie gets a
birthday. Susie gets a birthday. So the birthday. Susie gets a birthday. So the birthday. Susie gets a birthday. So the
CEO gave you a task, CEO gave you a task, CEO gave you a task,
a task to plan Suz's birthday. a task to plan Suz's birthday. a task to plan Suz's birthday.
And you have just executed it. And you have just executed it. And you have just executed it.
Say, plan Suzie's birthday. Say, plan Suzie's birthday. Say, plan Suzie's birthday.
Birthday. Birthday. Birthday.
and you have just executed it by calling and you have just executed it by calling and you have just executed it by calling
on different specialists to handle the on different specialists to handle the on different specialists to handle the
tasks. You are managing the tasks. You are managing the tasks. You are managing the
communication back and forth with all of communication back and forth with all of communication back and forth with all of
them and you are making sure that them and you are making sure that them and you are making sure that
everything is ammonized. Uh the everything is ammonized. Uh the everything is ammonized. Uh the
decorator doesn't go and decorate the decorator doesn't go and decorate the decorator doesn't go and decorate the
yard instead of the staff room. The kra yard instead of the staff room. The kra yard instead of the staff room. The kra
gets the food there on time and you make gets the food there on time and you make gets the food there on time and you make
sure that you give the kra and also sure that you give the kra and also sure that you give the kra and also
information. how many people are going information. how many people are going information. how many people are going
to be eating. Uh some extra plates in to be eating. Uh some extra plates in to be eating. Uh some extra plates in
case uh some boosted along. You make case uh some boosted along. You make case uh some boosted along. You make
sure that the baker bakes uh the correct sure that the baker bakes uh the correct sure that the baker bakes uh the correct
type of cake you want, doesn't misspell type of cake you want, doesn't misspell type of cake you want, doesn't misspell
Suz's name, delivers it on time. So you Suz's name, delivers it on time. So you Suz's name, delivers it on time. So you
manage all that. You coordinate all that manage all that. You coordinate all that manage all that. You coordinate all that
and at the end of the day, you can get and at the end of the day, you can get and at the end of the day, you can get
back to the CEO. These guys don't talk back to the CEO. These guys don't talk back to the CEO. These guys don't talk
to the CEO. These guys don't talk to the to the CEO. These guys don't talk to the to the CEO. These guys don't talk to the
CEO. You get back to the CEO on the CEO. You get back to the CEO on the CEO. You get back to the CEO on the
status of Suz's plan. When a CEO asks status of Suz's plan. When a CEO asks status of Suz's plan. When a CEO asks
you what's status on student's uh you what's status on student's uh you what's status on student's uh
birthday plan, how is it going? You get birthday plan, how is it going? You get birthday plan, how is it going? You get
to respond fine. Oh, uh the baker will to respond fine. Oh, uh the baker will to respond fine. Oh, uh the baker will
deliver so time. Oh, we have the room deliver so time. Oh, we have the room deliver so time. Oh, we have the room
decorated or the room is already decorated or the room is already decorated or the room is already
decorated. Uh yeah, the um food has been decorated. Uh yeah, the um food has been decorated. Uh yeah, the um food has been
delivered and all those kind of stuff. delivered and all those kind of stuff. delivered and all those kind of stuff.
You get to communicate with the CEO. You get to communicate with the CEO. You get to communicate with the CEO.
These guys don't communicate with the These guys don't communicate with the These guys don't communicate with the
CEO. These guys communicate with you and CEO. These guys communicate with you and CEO. These guys communicate with you and
you synchronize all the operations and you synchronize all the operations and you synchronize all the operations and
get back to the CEO. get back to the CEO. get back to the CEO.
This is exactly how the sub agent This is exactly how the sub agent This is exactly how the sub agent
pattern works. This exactly how the sub pattern works. This exactly how the sub pattern works. This exactly how the sub
aent design pattern works. Is a multi- aent design pattern works. Is a multi- aent design pattern works. Is a multi-
aent system where you have a central aent system where you have a central aent system where you have a central
main agent who coordinates specialized main agent who coordinates specialized main agent who coordinates specialized
sub agents, synchronizes their work and sub agents, synchronizes their work and sub agents, synchronizes their work and
make sure that the appropriate response make sure that the appropriate response make sure that the appropriate response
gets back to the user. So here we have gets back to the user. So here we have gets back to the user. So here we have
HR. You as the HR HR. You as the HR HR. You as the HR
in a sub engine system you are the in a sub engine system you are the in a sub engine system you are the
coordinator. coordinator. coordinator.
You are the coordinator. The baker is a You are the coordinator. The baker is a You are the coordinator. The baker is a
sub agent called sub agent one. sub agent called sub agent one. sub agent called sub agent one.
Decorator is another sub aent Decorator is another sub aent Decorator is another sub aent
called sub aent two. called sub aent two. called sub aent two.
And ketra is another sub aent. And ketra is another sub aent. And ketra is another sub aent.
I'll call kra sub aent three. I'll call kra sub aent three. I'll call kra sub aent three.
Yeah, that is how the sub aent pattern Yeah, that is how the sub aent pattern Yeah, that is how the sub aent pattern
works. That's basically how the sub aent works. That's basically how the sub aent works. That's basically how the sub aent
pattern work. Now, let us look at the pattern work. Now, let us look at the pattern work. Now, let us look at the
characteristics of this pattern. The characteristics of this pattern. The characteristics of this pattern. The
attributes you're going to see in a attributes you're going to see in a attributes you're going to see in a
multi- aent architecture. And you'll be multi- aent architecture. And you'll be multi- aent architecture. And you'll be
like, yeah, this is using sub aents. like, yeah, this is using sub aents. like, yeah, this is using sub aents.
This is using the sub aent pattern. And This is using the sub aent pattern. And This is using the sub aent pattern. And
the first is centralized control. Centralized Centralized
control. control. control.
That's the first thing. Let me write characteristics here. Let me write characteristics here.
Characteristics. Characteristics. Characteristics.
Yeah. Be cool and do X. So Yeah. Be cool and do X. So Yeah. Be cool and do X. So
characteristics characteristics characteristics
of the sub agent pattern. The first is a of the sub agent pattern. The first is a of the sub agent pattern. The first is a
centralized control. There's a main centralized control. There's a main centralized control. There's a main
agent agent agent
who is a coordinator. There's a main who is a coordinator. There's a main who is a coordinator. There's a main
agent that makes all the routing and agent that makes all the routing and agent that makes all the routing and
delegation decisions. All the routing delegation decisions. All the routing delegation decisions. All the routing
and delegation decisions is made by this and delegation decisions is made by this and delegation decisions is made by this
main coordinator agent. Not this guy, main coordinator agent. Not this guy, main coordinator agent. Not this guy,
not this guy, not this guy. This guy not this guy, not this guy. This guy not this guy, not this guy. This guy
makes all the decisions. So that's the makes all the decisions. So that's the makes all the decisions. So that's the
first thing. One main agent is the one first thing. One main agent is the one first thing. One main agent is the one
leading the orchestra. leading the orchestra. leading the orchestra.
That's the first thing. The second thing That's the first thing. The second thing That's the first thing. The second thing
and this is from an implementation uh and this is from an implementation uh and this is from an implementation uh
standpoint standpoint standpoint
is that your sub agents is that your sub agents is that your sub agents
are are are
tools. tools. tools.
Your sub agents while being agents, let Your sub agents while being agents, let Your sub agents while being agents, let
me spell this correctly. me spell this correctly. me spell this correctly.
Your sub agents while being agents are Your sub agents while being agents are Your sub agents while being agents are
implemented as tools. They're implemented as tools. They're implemented as tools. They're
implemented as tools. So what you do is implemented as tools. So what you do is implemented as tools. So what you do is
that you create this sub agent with that you create this sub agent with that you create this sub agent with
create agent or with a lang graph graph. create agent or with a lang graph graph. create agent or with a lang graph graph.
You create them and you expose them as a You create them and you expose them as a You create them and you expose them as a
tool to the main agent. You wrap them as tool to the main agent. You wrap them as tool to the main agent. You wrap them as
a tool. You use a tool definition. You a tool. You use a tool definition. You a tool. You use a tool definition. You
create a function. You call the agent create a function. You call the agent create a function. You call the agent
within the tool. You return it response within the tool. You return it response within the tool. You return it response
and then you can give that tool to the and then you can give that tool to the and then you can give that tool to the
coordinating agent, the main agent. coordinating agent, the main agent. coordinating agent, the main agent.
Yeah, that is a very key part of using Yeah, that is a very key part of using Yeah, that is a very key part of using
the sub aents pattern. Your sub agents the sub aents pattern. Your sub agents the sub aents pattern. Your sub agents
are exposed to the main agents as a tool are exposed to the main agents as a tool are exposed to the main agents as a tool
as tools rather. They're exposed to the as tools rather. They're exposed to the as tools rather. They're exposed to the
main agent as tools. Now the third main agent as tools. Now the third main agent as tools. Now the third
characteristic which I have discussed characteristic which I have discussed characteristic which I have discussed
but we're going to emphasize again but we're going to emphasize again but we're going to emphasize again
is that there's no direct user is that there's no direct user is that there's no direct user
interaction interaction interaction
between your sub agents and your user. between your sub agents and your user. between your sub agents and your user.
Yeah, Yeah, Yeah,
between your sub agents and the user between your sub agents and the user between your sub agents and the user
giving you the task, giving you the giving you the task, giving you the giving you the task, giving you the
query, there is no communication between query, there is no communication between query, there is no communication between
them. There's none. There's none. They them. There's none. There's none. They them. There's none. There's none. They
can't go behind you to communicate with can't go behind you to communicate with can't go behind you to communicate with
the user. So this central agent is the the user. So this central agent is the the user. So this central agent is the
one leading the pack. These guys don't one leading the pack. These guys don't one leading the pack. These guys don't
get to communicate with the user get to communicate with the user get to communicate with the user
directly. They don't get to communicate directly. They don't get to communicate directly. They don't get to communicate
with the user directly. Just as these with the user directly. Just as these with the user directly. Just as these
guys that you have contracted for Suz's guys that you have contracted for Suz's guys that you have contracted for Suz's
birthday don't communicate with the CEO, birthday don't communicate with the CEO, birthday don't communicate with the CEO,
they don't communicate with the CEO. they don't communicate with the CEO. they don't communicate with the CEO.
Except you don't get them paid. Except you don't get them paid. Except you don't get them paid.
They decide to go rogue on you. Yeah. They decide to go rogue on you. Yeah. They decide to go rogue on you. Yeah.
Which is definitely Which is definitely Which is definitely
uh within their rights. But yeah, they uh within their rights. But yeah, they uh within their rights. But yeah, they
don't have any reason to communicate don't have any reason to communicate don't have any reason to communicate
with the CEO. have any reason to with the CEO. have any reason to with the CEO. have any reason to
communicate with the CEO. You manage communicate with the CEO. You manage communicate with the CEO. You manage
everything, payments and all that. everything, payments and all that. everything, payments and all that.
Another thing or another characteristic Another thing or another characteristic Another thing or another characteristic
of this design pattern is that of this design pattern is that of this design pattern is that
there is context isolation. there is context isolation. there is context isolation.
Context isolation. Context isolation. Context isolation.
Now what this means is that each sub Now what this means is that each sub Now what this means is that each sub
aent works in a fresh context. aent works in a fresh context. aent works in a fresh context.
Each sub aent works in a fresh context. Each sub aent works in a fresh context. Each sub aent works in a fresh context.
No memory of past calls. You call them No memory of past calls. You call them No memory of past calls. You call them
once they do their work, they return it. once they do their work, they return it. once they do their work, they return it.
You don't inquire of their work like You don't inquire of their work like You don't inquire of their work like
yeah those stuff I give to you. Uh what yeah those stuff I give to you. Uh what yeah those stuff I give to you. Uh what
about that? They nah they're not they're about that? They nah they're not they're about that? They nah they're not they're
not going to you get to keep all the not going to you get to keep all the not going to you get to keep all the
context. Yeah. You get to keep all the context. Yeah. You get to keep all the context. Yeah. You get to keep all the
information. You get to keep all the information. You get to keep all the information. You get to keep all the
state. So let's say state. So let's say state. So let's say
um you tell this guy that you want red um you tell this guy that you want red um you tell this guy that you want red
velvet cake. It makes red velvet cake. velvet cake. It makes red velvet cake. velvet cake. It makes red velvet cake.
If the CEO asks you what type of cake If the CEO asks you what type of cake If the CEO asks you what type of cake
did we make? Don't go and ask this guy. did we make? Don't go and ask this guy. did we make? Don't go and ask this guy.
He doesn't remember anymore. He doesn't He doesn't remember anymore. He doesn't He doesn't remember anymore. He doesn't
remember. You have to remember that it's remember. You have to remember that it's remember. You have to remember that it's
red velvet. And respond to the CEO. And red velvet. And respond to the CEO. And red velvet. And respond to the CEO. And
the CEO says, "Yeah, I would prefer a the CEO says, "Yeah, I would prefer a the CEO says, "Yeah, I would prefer a
chocolate cake instead." Then you have chocolate cake instead." Then you have chocolate cake instead." Then you have
to go back and give this guy new to go back and give this guy new to go back and give this guy new
instructions for a chocolate cake. Give instructions for a chocolate cake. Give instructions for a chocolate cake. Give
new instructions for a chocolate cake. new instructions for a chocolate cake. new instructions for a chocolate cake.
It can't reference any previous It can't reference any previous It can't reference any previous
information about this. By the way, why information about this. By the way, why information about this. By the way, why
am I pointing to the kitchen for cake? am I pointing to the kitchen for cake? am I pointing to the kitchen for cake?
Sorry. Cake cake instructions go to the Sorry. Cake cake instructions go to the Sorry. Cake cake instructions go to the
baker. Cake instructions go to the baker. Cake instructions go to the baker. Cake instructions go to the
baker. Sorry about that. So yeah, baker. Sorry about that. So yeah, baker. Sorry about that. So yeah,
there's context isolations and even and there's context isolations and even and there's context isolations and even and
these agents are stateless. They are these agents are stateless. They are these agents are stateless. They are
stateless. They don't remember past stateless. They don't remember past stateless. They don't remember past
invocations. No, they don't they don't invocations. No, they don't they don't invocations. No, they don't they don't
remember previous invocation. So that's remember previous invocation. So that's remember previous invocation. So that's
that's another thing you need to keep in that's another thing you need to keep in that's another thing you need to keep in
mind. And also they are isolated from mind. And also they are isolated from mind. And also they are isolated from
each other. This guy doesn't know what each other. This guy doesn't know what each other. This guy doesn't know what
this guy is doing. Yeah. The the baker this guy is doing. Yeah. The the baker this guy is doing. Yeah. The the baker
doesn't know what decorator is doing. doesn't know what decorator is doing. doesn't know what decorator is doing.
The kra doesn't know what decorator is The kra doesn't know what decorator is The kra doesn't know what decorator is
doing. So you are the one to hold all doing. So you are the one to hold all doing. So you are the one to hold all
that information and make sure that you that information and make sure that you that information and make sure that you
give the decorator the right information give the decorator the right information give the decorator the right information
so that it doesn't mess up whatever the so that it doesn't mess up whatever the so that it doesn't mess up whatever the
kitra brings. Um for example, the staff kitra brings. Um for example, the staff kitra brings. Um for example, the staff
room is decorated but there's nowhere to room is decorated but there's nowhere to room is decorated but there's nowhere to
put the cake. Yeah, you you are the one put the cake. Yeah, you you are the one put the cake. Yeah, you you are the one
that is responsible for that. You are that is responsible for that. You are that is responsible for that. You are
the one that didn't give the correct the one that didn't give the correct the one that didn't give the correct
instructions for the kitra to be able to instructions for the kitra to be able to instructions for the kitra to be able to
uh or rather for the decorator to be uh or rather for the decorator to be uh or rather for the decorator to be
able to make sure that yeah there should able to make sure that yeah there should able to make sure that yeah there should
be a stand for the cake. So that the be a stand for the cake. So that the be a stand for the cake. So that the
last one is uh result synthesis. Result last one is uh result synthesis. Result last one is uh result synthesis. Result
synthesis. Result synthesis which we have also kind Result synthesis which we have also kind
of discussed meaning that you are to of discussed meaning that you are to of discussed meaning that you are to
collate everything that comes from these collate everything that comes from these collate everything that comes from these
guys. Everything that comes from these guys. Everything that comes from these guys. Everything that comes from these
guys you are responsible for collating guys you are responsible for collating guys you are responsible for collating
everything making it make sense and everything making it make sense and everything making it make sense and
reporting it back to the uh user. the reporting it back to the uh user. the reporting it back to the uh user. the
coordinator is responsible uh the main coordinator is responsible uh the main coordinator is responsible uh the main
agent is responsible for combining all agent is responsible for combining all agent is responsible for combining all
the outputs from the sub agent into a the outputs from the sub agent into a the outputs from the sub agent into a
coherent response for the user. So yeah coherent response for the user. So yeah coherent response for the user. So yeah
that is the that is the um final that is the that is the um final that is the that is the um final
characteristics that we're going to be characteristics that we're going to be characteristics that we're going to be
looking at. Now let us look at the looking at. Now let us look at the looking at. Now let us look at the
process flow and we don't need to leave process flow and we don't need to leave process flow and we don't need to leave
this diagram to better understand the this diagram to better understand the this diagram to better understand the
process flow but we're going to look at process flow but we're going to look at process flow but we're going to look at
it in stages. each stage of how the it in stages. each stage of how the it in stages. each stage of how the
entire process flows through this multi- entire process flows through this multi- entire process flows through this multi-
aent pattern, the sub agents pattern. aent pattern, the sub agents pattern. aent pattern, the sub agents pattern.
First the request is received. The First the request is received. The First the request is received. The
request is received. So a user sends request is received. So a user sends request is received. So a user sends
query to the system to the entire multi- query to the system to the entire multi- query to the system to the entire multi-
aent system. Sends a query and that aent system. Sends a query and that aent system. Sends a query and that
query is received by the main agent. The query is received by the main agent. The query is received by the main agent. The
main agent receives this query. Now the main agent receives this query. Now the main agent receives this query. Now the
main agent will then make a routing main agent will then make a routing main agent will then make a routing
decision. It has to make a routing decision. It has to make a routing decision. It has to make a routing
decision. So what it first does is that decision. So what it first does is that decision. So what it first does is that
it analyzes the request. It analyzes the it analyzes the request. It analyzes the it analyzes the request. It analyzes the
request and decides which sub agents to request and decides which sub agents to request and decides which sub agents to
call. And this is very important because call. And this is very important because call. And this is very important because
it doesn't have to call everybody. It it doesn't have to call everybody. It it doesn't have to call everybody. It
doesn't have to call everybody. The fact doesn't have to call everybody. The fact doesn't have to call everybody. The fact
that it has a baker, a decorator, a that it has a baker, a decorator, a that it has a baker, a decorator, a
ketra, what if it was just a simple ketra, what if it was just a simple ketra, what if it was just a simple
birthday that needs to happen in like 15 birthday that needs to happen in like 15 birthday that needs to happen in like 15
minutes? So we're not going to have time minutes? So we're not going to have time minutes? So we're not going to have time
to sit down and eat. So with that even to sit down and eat. So with that even to sit down and eat. So with that even
though it has the contact of a kra it though it has the contact of a kra it though it has the contact of a kra it
doesn't need to call doesn't need to doesn't need to call doesn't need to doesn't need to call doesn't need to
call the kra just calls a baker and a call the kra just calls a baker and a call the kra just calls a baker and a
decorator. Sometimes you can even keep decorator. Sometimes you can even keep decorator. Sometimes you can even keep
it so simple it will just only call a it so simple it will just only call a it so simple it will just only call a
baker. We just we just want to snap a baker. We just we just want to snap a baker. We just we just want to snap a
few pictures with her name on the cake few pictures with her name on the cake few pictures with her name on the cake
blow some candles and be done. Then it blow some candles and be done. Then it blow some candles and be done. Then it
will just simply call the baker. So the will just simply call the baker. So the will just simply call the baker. So the
context of the task also determines who context of the task also determines who context of the task also determines who
is called is not everybody has to be is called is not everybody has to be is called is not everybody has to be
called. Not everybody has to be called. called. Not everybody has to be called. called. Not everybody has to be called.
So it makes that routing decision and So it makes that routing decision and So it makes that routing decision and
decides who to call and remember they decides who to call and remember they decides who to call and remember they
are wrapped as tools. So this main agent are wrapped as tools. So this main agent are wrapped as tools. So this main agent
calls them as tools but they are calls them as tools but they are calls them as tools but they are
actually sub agents. So what happens? It actually sub agents. So what happens? It actually sub agents. So what happens? It
calls the sub aent it needs to call. calls the sub aent it needs to call. calls the sub aent it needs to call.
They execute their tasks and they all They execute their tasks and they all They execute their tasks and they all
return their responses. They all return return their responses. They all return return their responses. They all return
their responses. It's a one and done their responses. It's a one and done their responses. It's a one and done
thing for them. They get the call, they thing for them. They get the call, they thing for them. They get the call, they
operate and they return and their entire operate and they return and their entire operate and they return and their entire
context is cleared. The entire context context is cleared. The entire context context is cleared. The entire context
cleared. They don't have any memory of cleared. They don't have any memory of cleared. They don't have any memory of
what just happened. So that happens. All what just happened. So that happens. All what just happened. So that happens. All
the results flow back to the main the results flow back to the main the results flow back to the main
coordinator based on how many sub aents coordinator based on how many sub aents coordinator based on how many sub aents
actually worked on it. Then the main actually worked on it. Then the main actually worked on it. Then the main
agent would then synthesize. It then agent would then synthesize. It then agent would then synthesize. It then
synthesize. So it would uh combine all synthesize. So it would uh combine all synthesize. So it would uh combine all
the results and then provide a final the results and then provide a final the results and then provide a final
response. Then provide a final response response. Then provide a final response response. Then provide a final response
and hold all the context. If it's if and hold all the context. If it's if and hold all the context. If it's if
it's using a checkpointer, it will hold it's using a checkpointer, it will hold it's using a checkpointer, it will hold
that uh memory and you can requer it. that uh memory and you can requer it. that uh memory and you can requer it.
But these guys don't get to hold the But these guys don't get to hold the But these guys don't get to hold the
memory. These guys don't hold the memory. These guys don't hold the memory. These guys don't hold the
memory. E manages all the information memory. E manages all the information memory. E manages all the information
and all the flow. So that's that's how and all the flow. So that's that's how and all the flow. So that's that's how
that happens. That's how that happens. that happens. That's how that happens. that happens. That's how that happens.
Now before we proceed to our next Now before we proceed to our next Now before we proceed to our next
talking point, I want to go back to this talking point, I want to go back to this talking point, I want to go back to this
context isolation and why it matters in context isolation and why it matters in context isolation and why it matters in
sub aent pattern because you might want sub aent pattern because you might want sub aent pattern because you might want
to ask yourself why why is it that these to ask yourself why why is it that these to ask yourself why why is it that these
guys can't keep context? Wouldn't it be guys can't keep context? Wouldn't it be guys can't keep context? Wouldn't it be
nice for them to keep context? So let's nice for them to keep context? So let's nice for them to keep context? So let's
discuss that. Uh first the fact that you discuss that. Uh first the fact that you discuss that. Uh first the fact that you
have context isolation prevents context have context isolation prevents context have context isolation prevents context
bloat in sub agents. We're trying to bloat in sub agents. We're trying to bloat in sub agents. We're trying to
manage context windows. So we want to manage context windows. So we want to manage context windows. So we want to
trust the coordinating agent to give trust the coordinating agent to give trust the coordinating agent to give
them what they want to give them all the them what they want to give them all the them what they want to give them all the
context they want as needed. So we don't context they want as needed. So we don't context they want as needed. So we don't
want to store context here and bloat up want to store context here and bloat up want to store context here and bloat up
the whole um context window for this sub the whole um context window for this sub the whole um context window for this sub
agent. It will be very very redundant agent. It will be very very redundant agent. It will be very very redundant
and wasteful. So we want this guy this and wasteful. So we want this guy this and wasteful. So we want this guy this
guy is going to be responsible for all guy is going to be responsible for all guy is going to be responsible for all
that intelligence to give these guys that intelligence to give these guys that intelligence to give these guys
exactly what they need. Even if they exactly what they need. Even if they exactly what they need. Even if they
need to refer to something uh that need to refer to something uh that need to refer to something uh that
happened previously, it should bundle it happened previously, it should bundle it happened previously, it should bundle it
up in the context so that they can refer up in the context so that they can refer up in the context so that they can refer
to that to provide uh grounded to that to provide uh grounded to that to provide uh grounded
responses. So yeah, that's the first responses. So yeah, that's the first responses. So yeah, that's the first
thing. Number two, it keeps them thing. Number two, it keeps them thing. Number two, it keeps them
focused. It keeps them focused on only focused. It keeps them focused on only focused. It keeps them focused on only
the context they need. If you are the context they need. If you are the context they need. If you are
storing extra context here, they would storing extra context here, they would storing extra context here, they would
always refer to it. They will always always refer to it. They will always always refer to it. They will always
refer to it. And some of those context refer to it. And some of those context refer to it. And some of those context
information is already still is already information is already still is already information is already still is already
still. They don't need it. So, it's still. They don't need it. So, it's still. They don't need it. So, it's
better to clear them each time so that better to clear them each time so that better to clear them each time so that
they only get what they need. And this they only get what they need. And this they only get what they need. And this
guy, this guy, this guy is going to be guy, this guy, this guy is going to be guy, this guy, this guy is going to be
doing a lot of heavy lifting. Yeah, this doing a lot of heavy lifting. Yeah, this doing a lot of heavy lifting. Yeah, this
guy is going to be do a lot of heavy guy is going to be do a lot of heavy guy is going to be do a lot of heavy
lifting. So, this guy is going to be the lifting. So, this guy is going to be the lifting. So, this guy is going to be the
one to make sure that they get only what one to make sure that they get only what one to make sure that they get only what
they need. Sub agents can be confused by they need. Sub agents can be confused by they need. Sub agents can be confused by
bloated context. They can be confused by bloated context. They can be confused by bloated context. They can be confused by
irrelevant history. So, you don't want irrelevant history. So, you don't want irrelevant history. So, you don't want
to pack anything inside that will make to pack anything inside that will make to pack anything inside that will make
sure that they don't do their work in a sure that they don't do their work in a sure that they don't do their work in a
focused manner. and we're going to focused manner. and we're going to focused manner. and we're going to
delegate all that heavy lifting to the delegate all that heavy lifting to the delegate all that heavy lifting to the
coordinating agent. So basically that is coordinating agent. So basically that is coordinating agent. So basically that is
why we want to keep our sub agent uh why we want to keep our sub agent uh why we want to keep our sub agent uh
stateless in this particular design stateless in this particular design stateless in this particular design
pattern. Now let us talk about some pattern. Now let us talk about some pattern. Now let us talk about some
design decisions. Let's talk about some design decisions. Let's talk about some design decisions. Let's talk about some
design decisions. I think I can still design decisions. I think I can still design decisions. I think I can still
have that here the design decisions. some design decisions when working with some design decisions when working with
um let me put asterics here to show that um let me put asterics here to show that um let me put asterics here to show that
these are the headers. So just something these are the headers. So just something these are the headers. So just something
there. Yeah. Yeah. Something like that. there. Yeah. Yeah. Something like that. there. Yeah. Yeah. Something like that.
So characteristics here we have design So characteristics here we have design So characteristics here we have design
decisions. Yeah. Okay. That should work. decisions. Yeah. Okay. That should work. decisions. Yeah. Okay. That should work.
Okay. So what are some design or design Okay. So what are some design or design Okay. So what are some design or design
decisions that we need to make when we decisions that we need to make when we decisions that we need to make when we
are using the sub aents pattern. The are using the sub aents pattern. The are using the sub aents pattern. The
first thing we need to ask ourself is first thing we need to ask ourself is first thing we need to ask ourself is
that do we want the execution of each that do we want the execution of each that do we want the execution of each
sub aent to be synchronous or sub aent to be synchronous or sub aent to be synchronous or
asynchronous. asynchronous. asynchronous.
So sync So sync So sync
versus async. versus async. versus async.
Sync versus async. Do we want it to be Sync versus async. Do we want it to be Sync versus async. Do we want it to be
synchronous or asynchronous? If it's synchronous or asynchronous? If it's synchronous or asynchronous? If it's
synchronous then the main agent would synchronous then the main agent would synchronous then the main agent would
have to wait for a sub agent to complete have to wait for a sub agent to complete have to wait for a sub agent to complete
before it calls another sub aent. it before it calls another sub aent. it before it calls another sub aent. it
have to wait for it to complete before have to wait for it to complete before have to wait for it to complete before
it calls another sub aent. Now this is it calls another sub aent. Now this is it calls another sub aent. Now this is
useful when you need the results of a useful when you need the results of a useful when you need the results of a
particular sub aent before you call the particular sub aent before you call the particular sub aent before you call the
other one. Maybe the baker other one. Maybe the baker other one. Maybe the baker
uh probably the decorator is looking for uh probably the decorator is looking for uh probably the decorator is looking for
the right table or the right team uh for the right table or the right team uh for the right table or the right team uh for
the table that will carry the cake the table that will carry the cake the table that will carry the cake
something like that. I'm not an expert something like that. I'm not an expert something like that. I'm not an expert
and the baker needs to be done so that and the baker needs to be done so that and the baker needs to be done so that
you will know yeah this is the size of you will know yeah this is the size of you will know yeah this is the size of
the cake and this what to weigh and the cake and this what to weigh and the cake and this what to weigh and
everything so that the information can everything so that the information can everything so that the information can
be passed to the decorator and decorator be passed to the decorator and decorator be passed to the decorator and decorator
knows the appropriate type of cake stand knows the appropriate type of cake stand knows the appropriate type of cake stand
to bring. So yeah that that can be to bring. So yeah that that can be to bring. So yeah that that can be
useful sometimes these tasks are useful sometimes these tasks are useful sometimes these tasks are
dependent dependent dependent
uh have to happen uh in a particular uh have to happen uh in a particular uh have to happen uh in a particular
order then you would need to run uh order then you would need to run uh order then you would need to run uh
stuff asynchronously. stuff asynchronously. stuff asynchronously.
So that that that can happen that that So that that that can happen that that So that that that can happen that that
can happen. So you have to make that can happen. So you have to make that can happen. So you have to make that
decision to either run this uh guy decision to either run this uh guy decision to either run this uh guy
synchronously or asynchronously. Uh but synchronously or asynchronously. Uh but synchronously or asynchronously. Uh but
before because you define them as tools before because you define them as tools before because you define them as tools
a lot of times your coordinator is going a lot of times your coordinator is going a lot of times your coordinator is going
to be making that decision for you. Any to be making that decision for you. Any to be making that decision for you. Any
anything that can be run simultaneously anything that can be run simultaneously anything that can be run simultaneously
to run them simultaneously. Anything to run them simultaneously. Anything to run them simultaneously. Anything
that has to wait would wait and would that has to wait would wait and would that has to wait would wait and would
run immediately after the dependent are run immediately after the dependent are run immediately after the dependent are
done. You should also try and provide done. You should also try and provide done. You should also try and provide
something like that in the set of something like that in the set of something like that in the set of
instructions that you are giving to your instructions that you are giving to your instructions that you are giving to your
coordinator. coordinator. coordinator.
So in uh a situation where you want to So in uh a situation where you want to So in uh a situation where you want to
run things asynchronously the or rather run things asynchronously the or rather run things asynchronously the or rather
that you run things asynchronously the that you run things asynchronously the that you run things asynchronously the
main agent is just going to continue main agent is just going to continue main agent is just going to continue
while the sub agents do their work in while the sub agents do their work in while the sub agents do their work in
the background just going to continue. the background just going to continue. the background just going to continue.
For example the baker and the kra can For example the baker and the kra can For example the baker and the kra can
just keep working. Yeah the baker and just keep working. Yeah the baker and just keep working. Yeah the baker and
the kra can keep working and uh it the kra can keep working and uh it the kra can keep working and uh it
doesn't have to they don't have to block doesn't have to they don't have to block doesn't have to they don't have to block
each other. The baker and the kra don't each other. The baker and the kra don't each other. The baker and the kra don't
have to block each other. This is very have to block each other. This is very have to block each other. This is very
very important for longunning tasks. you very important for longunning tasks. you very important for longunning tasks. you
have any longunning independent task, have any longunning independent task, have any longunning independent task,
you want to make sure that you're you want to make sure that you're you want to make sure that you're
running them asynchronously. For running them asynchronously. For running them asynchronously. For
example, you are doing some research, example, you are doing some research, example, you are doing some research,
you are compiling a report and stuff you are compiling a report and stuff you are compiling a report and stuff
stuff like that. You're researching stuff like that. You're researching stuff like that. You're researching
different uh sources to uh get different uh sources to uh get different uh sources to uh get
information. You should run that information. You should run that information. You should run that
asynchronously. asynchronously. asynchronously.
So that's one thing. So that's one thing. So that's one thing.
The second is what The second is what The second is what
each sub agent receives. What if sub agent receives? Now, a lot What if sub agent receives? Now, a lot
of this I I want to point out at this of this I I want to point out at this of this I I want to point out at this
point, point, point,
no pun intended. I want to point out at no pun intended. I want to point out at no pun intended. I want to point out at
this point, a lot of these versions are this point, a lot of these versions are this point, a lot of these versions are
more important when you are doing things more important when you are doing things more important when you are doing things
from scratch or you're doing a custom from scratch or you're doing a custom from scratch or you're doing a custom
flow, doing things from scratch, doing flow, doing things from scratch, doing flow, doing things from scratch, doing
them with graphs and all that. If you them with graphs and all that. If you them with graphs and all that. If you
use the create agent, React agent, it use the create agent, React agent, it use the create agent, React agent, it
would make a lot of these decisions for would make a lot of these decisions for would make a lot of these decisions for
you. It make a lot of the decisions for you. It make a lot of the decisions for you. It make a lot of the decisions for
you. But if you're doing things from you. But if you're doing things from you. But if you're doing things from
scratch uh which you might have to do a scratch uh which you might have to do a scratch uh which you might have to do a
couple of times uh you need to you need couple of times uh you need to you need couple of times uh you need to you need
to these decisions are very very to these decisions are very very to these decisions are very very
important. So you want to decide which important. So you want to decide which important. So you want to decide which
information goes to each sub agent. You information goes to each sub agent. You information goes to each sub agent. You
can decide to pass them the query only can decide to pass them the query only can decide to pass them the query only
the query can you can just take the the query can you can just take the the query can you can just take the
whole context and just pass them the whole context and just pass them the whole context and just pass them the
query. Yeah. This is what the user query. Yeah. This is what the user query. Yeah. This is what the user
wants. This is what you have to do. So wants. This is what you have to do. So wants. This is what you have to do. So
it just gets a specific task uh question it just gets a specific task uh question it just gets a specific task uh question
like for the baker you just simply tell like for the baker you just simply tell like for the baker you just simply tell
the baker bake me a three layer red the baker bake me a three layer red the baker bake me a three layer red
velvet cake with buttercream frosting. velvet cake with buttercream frosting. velvet cake with buttercream frosting.
So you just give them the specific So you just give them the specific So you just give them the specific
instruction instruction they need. So instruction instruction they need. So instruction instruction they need. So
sometimes you just pass only the query. sometimes you just pass only the query. sometimes you just pass only the query.
Other times you want to pass the query Other times you want to pass the query Other times you want to pass the query
and some context. Like I said they are and some context. Like I said they are and some context. Like I said they are
stateless. stateless. stateless.
So any context they need has to come So any context they need has to come So any context they need has to come
from you. So sometimes you just pass from you. So sometimes you just pass from you. So sometimes you just pass
them the task they need to handle or you them the task they need to handle or you them the task they need to handle or you
can pass them that task with some can pass them that task with some can pass them that task with some
context. Pass them that task with some context. Pass them that task with some context. Pass them that task with some
context. That's another thing. So they context. That's another thing. So they context. That's another thing. So they
can have the sub the sub agent can take can have the sub the sub agent can take can have the sub the sub agent can take
can get a subset of the whole uh can get a subset of the whole uh can get a subset of the whole uh
conversation history or you can just conversation history or you can just conversation history or you can just
give them the full access same full give them the full access same full give them the full access same full
access you have you give it to them that access you have you give it to them that access you have you give it to them that
would probably not be needed most of the would probably not be needed most of the would probably not be needed most of the
time to pass the entire set of state time to pass the entire set of state time to pass the entire set of state
keys to them and also it can lead to keys to them and also it can lead to keys to them and also it can lead to
tight integration. Sometimes you that is tight integration. Sometimes you that is tight integration. Sometimes you that is
needed sometimes you need to tightly needed sometimes you need to tightly needed sometimes you need to tightly
couple them but most of the time you couple them but most of the time you couple them but most of the time you
wouldn't. So but yeah you have the wouldn't. So but yeah you have the wouldn't. So but yeah you have the
ability to do that. you have the ability ability to do that. you have the ability ability to do that. you have the ability
to pass the full state to your sub to pass the full state to your sub to pass the full state to your sub
agent. So that's the that's the um other agent. So that's the that's the um other agent. So that's the that's the um other
decision you need to make. Should you decision you need to make. Should you decision you need to make. Should you
pass the query, just the query uh should pass the query, just the query uh should pass the query, just the query uh should
you pass the query and the context and you pass the query and the context and you pass the query and the context and
some context or should you just give some context or should you just give some context or should you just give
them the entire state? You just give them the entire state? You just give them the entire state? You just give
them the entire state with all the state them the entire state with all the state them the entire state with all the state
keys and they have access to everything keys and they have access to everything keys and they have access to everything
they need. Now the third decision you they need. Now the third decision you they need. Now the third decision you
need to make need to make need to make
is is is
what the main agent would send back to what the main agent would send back to what the main agent would send back to
the user. the user. the user.
What the main What the main What the main
agent sends back. agent sends back. agent sends back.
What the main agent is going to send What the main agent is going to send What the main agent is going to send
back. You need to make that decision back. You need to make that decision back. You need to make that decision
also. Um you might just assume isn't also. Um you might just assume isn't also. Um you might just assume isn't
just the answer. It just sends the just the answer. It just sends the just the answer. It just sends the
answer back. sends the whole report answer back. sends the whole report answer back. sends the whole report
back. No, sometimes you can send other back. No, sometimes you can send other back. No, sometimes you can send other
things. For example, you can Yes, we things. For example, you can Yes, we things. For example, you can Yes, we
know you can send the final answer. So, know you can send the final answer. So, know you can send the final answer. So,
you just send the conclusion you just send the conclusion you just send the conclusion
uh you can send the conclusion of the of uh you can send the conclusion of the of uh you can send the conclusion of the of
the sub aents. You can just send them to the sub aents. You can just send them to the sub aents. You can just send them to
uh the user. Sometimes you want to also uh the user. Sometimes you want to also uh the user. Sometimes you want to also
send the reasoning the reasoning why why send the reasoning the reasoning why why send the reasoning the reasoning why why
why it was so. So, you can send the why it was so. So, you can send the why it was so. So, you can send the
reason behind it. That's your result reason behind it. That's your result reason behind it. That's your result
plus how the sub agent got there. How plus how the sub agent got there. How plus how the sub agent got there. How
they got there. This happens when the they got there. This happens when the they got there. This happens when the
main agent needs to validate why certain main agent needs to validate why certain main agent needs to validate why certain
things are the way they are. So you things are the way they are. So you things are the way they are. So you
would want to send the reasoning back to would want to send the reasoning back to would want to send the reasoning back to
the user. And um sometimes for some the user. And um sometimes for some the user. And um sometimes for some
reason if you are probably running this reason if you are probably running this reason if you are probably running this
multi- aent system within another system multi- aent system within another system multi- aent system within another system
you might want to send the full message you might want to send the full message you might want to send the full message
history everything the sub aents did uh history everything the sub aents did uh history everything the sub aents did uh
you want to send it back because if you want to send it back because if you want to send it back because if
you're working within another system or you're working within another system or you're working within another system or
you are interacting with another API um you are interacting with another API um you are interacting with another API um
full transparency is going to be needed. full transparency is going to be needed. full transparency is going to be needed.
Full transparency is often going to be Full transparency is often going to be Full transparency is often going to be
needed and it also helps you to properly needed and it also helps you to properly needed and it also helps you to properly
debug. You have all the data you need to debug. You have all the data you need to debug. You have all the data you need to
debug uh the activities that happen. So debug uh the activities that happen. So debug uh the activities that happen. So
that's another thing you need to decide that's another thing you need to decide that's another thing you need to decide
what do you want to send back. What are what do you want to send back. What are what do you want to send back. What are
the things you want to send back? These the things you want to send back? These the things you want to send back? These
are part of the things that you can put are part of the things that you can put are part of the things that you can put
in the instructions system instructions in the instructions system instructions in the instructions system instructions
instructions of your create agent uh instructions of your create agent uh instructions of your create agent uh
agent and also agent and also agent and also
defining your uh graphs defining your defining your uh graphs defining your defining your uh graphs defining your
graphs what what what do you want to graphs what what what do you want to graphs what what what do you want to
send back to the user. So those are the send back to the user. So those are the send back to the user. So those are the
decisions that you need to make. Now decisions that you need to make. Now decisions that you need to make. Now
that we've looked at all this, let us that we've looked at all this, let us that we've looked at all this, let us
talk about benefits and trade-offs. talk about benefits and trade-offs. talk about benefits and trade-offs.
Yeah, benefits and trade-offs. Yeah, benefits and trade-offs. Yeah, benefits and trade-offs.
What benefits do we have using this What benefits do we have using this What benefits do we have using this
pattern? pattern? pattern?
And what are we forgoing or we need to And what are we forgoing or we need to And what are we forgoing or we need to
be aware of? Caveats, some gotchas. be aware of? Caveats, some gotchas. be aware of? Caveats, some gotchas.
Just going to put the title here. This Just going to put the title here. This Just going to put the title here. This
will be benefits and trade-offs. benefits and trade-offs. Uh, let's fix benefits and trade-offs. Uh, let's fix
this. this. this.
Okay, so sub aent pattern. What are the Okay, so sub aent pattern. What are the Okay, so sub aent pattern. What are the
benefits and trade-offs of using this benefits and trade-offs of using this benefits and trade-offs of using this
pattern? Let's start with benefits. So, pattern? Let's start with benefits. So, pattern? Let's start with benefits. So,
put benefits here. Keep writing benefits put benefits here. Keep writing benefits put benefits here. Keep writing benefits
for some reason. Okay, benefits and for some reason. Okay, benefits and for some reason. Okay, benefits and
tradeoffs. So tradeoffs. So tradeoffs. So
tradeoffs. tradeoffs. tradeoffs.
So benefits and trade-offs of this So benefits and trade-offs of this So benefits and trade-offs of this
pattern. pattern. pattern.
The first benefit, The first benefit, The first benefit,
let's use large text here, is the clear let's use large text here, is the clear let's use large text here, is the clear
separation of concerns. separation of concerns. separation of concerns.
Clear separation of concerns. That's the Clear separation of concerns. That's the Clear separation of concerns. That's the
very first benefit. very first benefit. very first benefit.
So each sub aent handles one domain and So each sub aent handles one domain and So each sub aent handles one domain and
they handle it well. Their information they handle it well. Their information they handle it well. Their information
is not bleeding into another agent is is not bleeding into another agent is is not bleeding into another agent is
not causing confusion for another agent. not causing confusion for another agent. not causing confusion for another agent.
Each agent gets what they need from the Each agent gets what they need from the Each agent gets what they need from the
main agent. Each sub agent rather each main agent. Each sub agent rather each main agent. Each sub agent rather each
sub aent gets what they need from the sub aent gets what they need from the sub aent gets what they need from the
main agent. They focus on their domain. main agent. They focus on their domain. main agent. They focus on their domain.
They run their task. They do it well. So They run their task. They do it well. So They run their task. They do it well. So
that's one thing. The second benefit is that's one thing. The second benefit is that's one thing. The second benefit is
that you have that you have that you have
centralized orchestration. centralized orchestration centralized orchestration
because imagine as the CEO you have to because imagine as the CEO you have to because imagine as the CEO you have to
be the one dealing with the baker be the one dealing with the baker be the one dealing with the baker
dealing with the um kra dealing with the dealing with the um kra dealing with the dealing with the um kra dealing with the
design that's a lot it's better your HR design that's a lot it's better your HR design that's a lot it's better your HR
takes care of it so you just have to takes care of it so you just have to takes care of it so you just have to
talk to your HR your HR gives you back talk to your HR your HR gives you back talk to your HR your HR gives you back
the information that's a whole lot less the information that's a whole lot less the information that's a whole lot less
to have to deal with a whole lot less to have to deal with a whole lot less to have to deal with a whole lot less
chaos so there's centralized chaos so there's centralized chaos so there's centralized
orchestration one place controls all the orchestration one place controls all the orchestration one place controls all the
workflow decisions if you want to find workflow decisions if you want to find workflow decisions if you want to find
out where anything went wrong out where anything went wrong out where anything went wrong
decision-wise orchestration wise routing decision-wise orchestration wise routing decision-wise orchestration wise routing
wise is that guy that guy is to account wise is that guy that guy is to account wise is that guy that guy is to account
for it. That guy is to answer for it. for it. That guy is to answer for it. for it. That guy is to answer for it.
You know specifically where to go to You know specifically where to go to You know specifically where to go to
debug stuff. So that is another big debug stuff. So that is another big debug stuff. So that is another big
advantage of uh this pattern. We've advantage of uh this pattern. We've advantage of uh this pattern. We've
talked about context isolation. So just talked about context isolation. So just talked about context isolation. So just
bringing that back is also a benefit. bringing that back is also a benefit. bringing that back is also a benefit.
Context is well isolated between sub Context is well isolated between sub Context is well isolated between sub
aents. There's also parallel execution aents. There's also parallel execution aents. There's also parallel execution
which while it is optional, it is which while it is optional, it is which while it is optional, it is
possible. So anything that needs to be possible. So anything that needs to be possible. So anything that needs to be
executed in parallel will be executed in executed in parallel will be executed in executed in parallel will be executed in
parallel without getting any latency parallel without getting any latency parallel without getting any latency
hits from that. So you can invoke hits from that. So you can invoke hits from that. So you can invoke
multiple sub aents simultaneously multiple sub aents simultaneously multiple sub aents simultaneously
also and this is for developer also and this is for developer also and this is for developer
experience. experience. experience.
Your teams Your teams Your teams
can work on different agents. can work on different agents. can work on different agents.
So you have independent development. So you have independent development. So you have independent development.
So you can uh development you can So you can uh development you can So you can uh development you can
dedicate dedicate dedicate
different teams or even different people different teams or even different people different teams or even different people
can just be Frank. Frank is responsible can just be Frank. Frank is responsible can just be Frank. Frank is responsible
for the kit agent. Uh Linda is for the kit agent. Uh Linda is for the kit agent. Uh Linda is
responsible for the decorator agent and responsible for the decorator agent and responsible for the decorator agent and
uh John is responsible for the baker uh John is responsible for the baker uh John is responsible for the baker
agent. Yeah. So it can even just be a agent. Yeah. So it can even just be a agent. Yeah. So it can even just be a
single developer per agent and it can be single developer per agent and it can be single developer per agent and it can be
teams depending on how big your teams depending on how big your teams depending on how big your
development uh department is. So there's development uh department is. So there's development uh department is. So there's
that. You also get um easier testing. that. You also get um easier testing. that. You also get um easier testing.
Easy is relative, but Easy is relative, but Easy is relative, but
at least compared to some that we might at least compared to some that we might at least compared to some that we might
be seeing later, or rather that we're be seeing later, or rather that we're be seeing later, or rather that we're
going to be seeing later, it's easier to going to be seeing later, it's easier to going to be seeing later, it's easier to
test. Uh you can test your sub aents in test. Uh you can test your sub aents in test. Uh you can test your sub aents in
isolation and you can also test them isolation and you can also test them isolation and you can also test them
together integration. So you can do unit together integration. So you can do unit together integration. So you can do unit
test and you can do integration tests test and you can do integration tests test and you can do integration tests
for the entire multi- aent system. for the entire multi- aent system. for the entire multi- aent system.
Then just like the microservices Then just like the microservices Then just like the microservices
architecture architecture architecture
which some people love to hate, it is which some people love to hate, it is which some people love to hate, it is
scalable. scalable. scalable.
It is scalable. It is scalable. It is scalable.
And this is because you can add new sub And this is because you can add new sub And this is because you can add new sub
aents without changing existing ones. aents without changing existing ones. aents without changing existing ones.
You can increase the capabilities of You can increase the capabilities of You can increase the capabilities of
your sub agents. You can better their your sub agents. You can better their your sub agents. You can better their
prompts. You can better their tools. And prompts. You can better their tools. And prompts. You can better their tools. And
you can just make them better in every. you can just make them better in every. you can just make them better in every.
And you can also remove you can also do And you can also remove you can also do And you can also remove you can also do
addition by subtraction. You can remove addition by subtraction. You can remove addition by subtraction. You can remove
stuff just to make sure the system is stuff just to make sure the system is stuff just to make sure the system is
good. all the while not disrupting the good. all the while not disrupting the good. all the while not disrupting the
entire system. entire system. entire system.
So that's another thing. So that's another thing. So that's another thing.
We also have better We also have better We also have better
tool selection. tool selection. tool selection.
Better tool selection. Like I said in Better tool selection. Like I said in Better tool selection. Like I said in
the beginning, uh especially when we're the beginning, uh especially when we're the beginning, uh especially when we're
discussing multi- aent systems, when you discussing multi- aent systems, when you discussing multi- aent systems, when you
give an agent just the tool it needs for give an agent just the tool it needs for give an agent just the tool it needs for
a specific task, then it's going to make a specific task, then it's going to make a specific task, then it's going to make
better decisions. is going to make better decisions. is going to make better decisions. is going to make
better decisions because each sub agent better decisions because each sub agent better decisions because each sub agent
has fewer tools, more relevant tools. So has fewer tools, more relevant tools. So has fewer tools, more relevant tools. So
their decision is going to be razor their decision is going to be razor their decision is going to be razor
sharp. So you have that. Then this might sharp. So you have that. Then this might sharp. So you have that. Then this might
sound redundant, sound redundant, sound redundant,
but there is modular maintenance. but there is modular maintenance. but there is modular maintenance.
No, it's not redundant at all. Yeah, No, it's not redundant at all. Yeah, No, it's not redundant at all. Yeah,
there's modular maintenance. It kind of there's modular maintenance. It kind of there's modular maintenance. It kind of
ties into the um development team thing. ties into the um development team thing. ties into the um development team thing.
I think the independent development. I think the independent development. I think the independent development.
Yeah, modular maintenance. cuz you can Yeah, modular maintenance. cuz you can Yeah, modular maintenance. cuz you can
update each sub aent without affecting update each sub aent without affecting update each sub aent without affecting
others. It's everything is modular. It's others. It's everything is modular. It's others. It's everything is modular. It's
a modular system and um you can just a modular system and um you can just a modular system and um you can just
take one sub agent improve it or remove take one sub agent improve it or remove take one sub agent improve it or remove
some tools, add some tools and it will some tools, add some tools and it will some tools, add some tools and it will
not affect others. Um so that that's not affect others. Um so that that's not affect others. Um so that that's
that's a very very good thing to have. that's a very very good thing to have. that's a very very good thing to have.
Now let us talk about tradeoffs. What Now let us talk about tradeoffs. What Now let us talk about tradeoffs. What
are the trade-offs? What should we be are the trade-offs? What should we be are the trade-offs? What should we be
aware of? The first trade-off is aware of? The first trade-off is aware of? The first trade-off is
definitely all the extra LLM calls. All the extra LM calls because so this All the extra LM calls because so this
is what happens. Your main agent makes a is what happens. Your main agent makes a is what happens. Your main agent makes a
call and decides, yeah, I need to call call and decides, yeah, I need to call call and decides, yeah, I need to call
this sub agent. Then he calls that sub this sub agent. Then he calls that sub this sub agent. Then he calls that sub
agent who also makes a call and does his agent who also makes a call and does his agent who also makes a call and does his
task and returns the result to the main task and returns the result to the main task and returns the result to the main
agent. then the main agent has to still agent. then the main agent has to still agent. then the main agent has to still
take that information and make a call an take that information and make a call an take that information and make a call an
LM call to make sense of it. So it just LM call to make sense of it. So it just LM call to make sense of it. So it just
added an extra LLM call just added an added an extra LLM call just added an added an extra LLM call just added an
extra LLM call uh to it. So let let's extra LLM call uh to it. So let let's extra LLM call uh to it. So let let's
let's let's use diagram. We don't have let's let's use diagram. We don't have let's let's use diagram. We don't have
so much space for diagram but let's just so much space for diagram but let's just so much space for diagram but let's just
let's just use diagram. So this is your let's just use diagram. So this is your let's just use diagram. So this is your
main agent. main agent. main agent.
It calls It calls It calls
it makes an LM call to determine that it makes an LM call to determine that it makes an LM call to determine that
yeah I need to go to this particular sub yeah I need to go to this particular sub yeah I need to go to this particular sub
agent. Okay cool. Um, agent. Okay cool. Um, agent. Okay cool. Um,
go to the sub agent. go to the sub agent. go to the sub agent.
Go to the sub agent. Now, this sub agent Go to the sub agent. Now, this sub agent Go to the sub agent. Now, this sub agent
does his work. It makes his own call to does his work. It makes his own call to does his work. It makes his own call to
do its work. Probably call some tools do its work. Probably call some tools do its work. Probably call some tools
too, but yeah, just makes his own uh too, but yeah, just makes his own uh too, but yeah, just makes his own uh
call to do the work. And that's the call to do the work. And that's the call to do the work. And that's the
second that's the second call, the second that's the second call, the second that's the second call, the
second LLM call. Then he then returns second LLM call. Then he then returns second LLM call. Then he then returns
back his result. Pull this up a little back his result. Pull this up a little back his result. Pull this up a little
bit. Then returns back his result to the bit. Then returns back his result to the bit. Then returns back his result to the
main guy. He runs back his result to the main guy. He runs back his result to the main guy. He runs back his result to the
main guy. Now the main guy instead of main guy. Now the main guy instead of main guy. Now the main guy instead of
just passing the results in you know in just passing the results in you know in just passing the results in you know in
a single agent system just passes a single agent system just passes a single agent system just passes
results and he still needs to make results and he still needs to make results and he still needs to make
another LLM call to another LLM call to another LLM call to
analyze what this guy got back. He needs analyze what this guy got back. He needs analyze what this guy got back. He needs
to make that extra LLM call. So there's to make that extra LLM call. So there's to make that extra LLM call. So there's
extra LM call with every single sub aent extra LM call with every single sub aent extra LM call with every single sub aent
that this main agent interacts with. So that this main agent interacts with. So that this main agent interacts with. So
yeah, extra LM calls are part of the yeah, extra LM calls are part of the yeah, extra LM calls are part of the
overhead that you have to deal with. So overhead that you have to deal with. So overhead that you have to deal with. So
uh you should have enough tokens to uh you should have enough tokens to uh you should have enough tokens to
accommodate that because in this pattern accommodate that because in this pattern accommodate that because in this pattern
there's really no no way to work around there's really no no way to work around there's really no no way to work around
it. The only way to work around it is to it. The only way to work around it is to it. The only way to work around it is to
accept it. Just accept the cost. Yeah. accept it. Just accept the cost. Yeah. accept it. Just accept the cost. Yeah.
So next we have uh no direct user So next we have uh no direct user So next we have uh no direct user
interaction interaction. No direct user interaction. interaction. No direct user interaction.
So the sub aents this this has to do So the sub aents this this has to do So the sub aents this this has to do
with sub aent. the sub agent can't ask with sub aent. the sub agent can't ask with sub aent. the sub agent can't ask
the user for clarification. So for the user for clarification. So for the user for clarification. So for
example, if the baker needs to uh example, if the baker needs to uh example, if the baker needs to uh
probably just say make a red beverage probably just say make a red beverage probably just say make a red beverage
cake and she was not giving cake and she was not giving cake and she was not giving
specifications as to the width of the specifications as to the width of the specifications as to the width of the
cake, she can't call the CEO. You can't cake, she can't call the CEO. You can't cake, she can't call the CEO. You can't
call the CEO. No, you can't call the call the CEO. No, you can't call the call the CEO. No, you can't call the
CEO. You have to call ask HR. Ask ask CEO. You have to call ask HR. Ask ask CEO. You have to call ask HR. Ask ask
HR. So HR. So HR. So
there's no direct interaction between there's no direct interaction between there's no direct interaction between
the user and the sub aent. So the the the user and the sub aent. So the the the user and the sub aent. So the the
sub agent cannot directly ask the user sub agent cannot directly ask the user sub agent cannot directly ask the user
for more clarification. Now one way you for more clarification. Now one way you for more clarification. Now one way you
can mitigate this is if you use human in can mitigate this is if you use human in can mitigate this is if you use human in
the loop uh interrupt you interrupt with the loop uh interrupt you interrupt with the loop uh interrupt you interrupt with
an human in the loop call then the user an human in the loop call then the user an human in the loop call then the user
can provide more information and that can provide more information and that can provide more information and that
information goes directly to the sub information goes directly to the sub information goes directly to the sub
agent or another way is if the main agent or another way is if the main agent or another way is if the main
agent asks if you if the main agent asks agent asks if you if the main agent asks agent asks if you if the main agent asks
yeah you can get that information and yeah you can get that information and yeah you can get that information and
pass it to the sub agent probably before pass it to the sub agent probably before pass it to the sub agent probably before
before the task gets to the sub agent before the task gets to the sub agent before the task gets to the sub agent
the main agent realizes that yeah um CEO the main agent realizes that yeah um CEO the main agent realizes that yeah um CEO
how big should the cake be I don't want how big should the cake be I don't want how big should the cake be I don't want
to I don't want to bring the three layer to I don't want to bring the three layer to I don't want to bring the three layer
cake. Can you be like are we doing a cake. Can you be like are we doing a cake. Can you be like are we doing a
wedding? Uh the NC yeah just a just a wedding? Uh the NC yeah just a just a wedding? Uh the NC yeah just a just a
just a I think 3 in or I yeah just just just a I think 3 in or I yeah just just just a I think 3 in or I yeah just just
make it this simple and all that. So the make it this simple and all that. So the make it this simple and all that. So the
main agent gets all the information main agent gets all the information main agent gets all the information
ahead before calling the sub agent. So ahead before calling the sub agent. So ahead before calling the sub agent. So
that's the only way you can mitigate that's the only way you can mitigate that's the only way you can mitigate
this else there's no other way. The sub this else there's no other way. The sub this else there's no other way. The sub
agents cannot interact with the user. agents cannot interact with the user. agents cannot interact with the user.
Only the main agent can interact with Only the main agent can interact with Only the main agent can interact with
the user. Also like we discussed the user. Also like we discussed the user. Also like we discussed
sub aents are stateless sub aents are stateless and while we sub aents are stateless and while we
have discussed the benefits of that have discussed the benefits of that have discussed the benefits of that
definitely there are also disadvantages definitely there are also disadvantages definitely there are also disadvantages
to that so they can't remember previous to that so they can't remember previous to that so they can't remember previous
calls they can't remember previous calls calls they can't remember previous calls calls they can't remember previous calls
and the best you can do is that the main and the best you can do is that the main and the best you can do is that the main
agent will pass necessary context to agent will pass necessary context to agent will pass necessary context to
pass necessary context except from the pass necessary context except from the pass necessary context except from the
conversation history any other context conversation history any other context conversation history any other context
from any other source so that the sub from any other source so that the sub from any other source so that the sub
agent can use that too. Yeah. Yeah, agent can use that too. Yeah. Yeah, agent can use that too. Yeah. Yeah,
sure. Yeah, sure. Um, okay. Let me let sure. Yeah, sure. Um, okay. Let me let sure. Yeah, sure. Um, okay. Let me let
me let me go in this direction. So, me let me go in this direction. So, me let me go in this direction. So,
yeah, that's the only way you can yeah, that's the only way you can yeah, that's the only way you can
mitigate that. Uh, definitely increase mitigate that. Uh, definitely increase mitigate that. Uh, definitely increase
latency because of all the back and latency because of all the back and latency because of all the back and
forth. So, increase latency increase latency
cuz you have to getting this report back cuz you have to getting this report back cuz you have to getting this report back
forth back forth back forth and all forth back forth back forth and all forth back forth back forth and all
that. So, yeah, for example, like you're that. So, yeah, for example, like you're that. So, yeah, for example, like you're
trying to get paid. You're trying to get trying to get paid. You're trying to get trying to get paid. You're trying to get
paid as the sub agent. You're the baker. paid as the sub agent. You're the baker. paid as the sub agent. You're the baker.
you're trying to get paid. You first you're trying to get paid. You first you're trying to get paid. You first
have to submit an invoice to the HR. have to submit an invoice to the HR. have to submit an invoice to the HR.
Then the HR has submit it to the CEO. Then the HR has submit it to the CEO. Then the HR has submit it to the CEO.
Then CEO has to approve. Then has send Then CEO has to approve. Then has send Then CEO has to approve. Then has send
it to the HR. Then the HR has to uh it to the HR. Then the HR has to uh it to the HR. Then the HR has to uh
call. Yeah. Oh my god. But if you're call. Yeah. Oh my god. But if you're call. Yeah. Oh my god. But if you're
just talking directly with the CEO, it just talking directly with the CEO, it just talking directly with the CEO, it
can might even pay you out of pocket. It can might even pay you out of pocket. It can might even pay you out of pocket. It
can be that that fast and direct. So can be that that fast and direct. So can be that that fast and direct. So
yeah, increase latency. The only way you yeah, increase latency. The only way you yeah, increase latency. The only way you
can mitigate any type of latency issue can mitigate any type of latency issue can mitigate any type of latency issue
is to use parallelism where necessary or is to use parallelism where necessary or is to use parallelism where necessary or
where possible rather where possible use where possible rather where possible use where possible rather where possible use
that parallelism. Yeah. also when we use that parallelism. Yeah. also when we use that parallelism. Yeah. also when we use
parallelism that's the only place you parallelism that's the only place you parallelism that's the only place you
can mitigate the um any the latency can mitigate the um any the latency can mitigate the um any the latency
bottlenecks but you you can't you can't bottlenecks but you you can't you can't bottlenecks but you you can't you can't
bypass the back and forth communication bypass the back and forth communication bypass the back and forth communication
that has to go on between the main agent that has to go on between the main agent that has to go on between the main agent
and the sub agent then all the extra and the sub agent then all the extra and the sub agent then all the extra
calls will definitely give you higher calls will definitely give you higher calls will definitely give you higher
cost cost cost
uh because of all the tokens you'll be uh because of all the tokens you'll be uh because of all the tokens you'll be
spending back and forth or the um spending back and forth or the um spending back and forth or the um
uh back and forth communication between uh back and forth communication between uh back and forth communication between
the main agent and the sub agent more the main agent and the sub agent more the main agent and the sub agent more
tokens are going to be processed uh you tokens are going to be processed uh you tokens are going to be processed uh you
also have to accept this cost. You also have to accept this cost. You also have to accept this cost. You
that's there's no mitigation strategy. that's there's no mitigation strategy. that's there's no mitigation strategy.
You have to accept this cost but it's You have to accept this cost but it's You have to accept this cost but it's
worth it for complex orchestration. So worth it for complex orchestration. So worth it for complex orchestration. So
there's always a cost budget to every there's always a cost budget to every there's always a cost budget to every
type of direction you choose to go. type of direction you choose to go. type of direction you choose to go.
There's no there's no perfect pattern. There's no there's no perfect pattern. There's no there's no perfect pattern.
There's no perfect system. Another thing There's no perfect system. Another thing There's no perfect system. Another thing
is uh synthesis complexity. Your main agent should be smart enough Your main agent should be smart enough
to know how to synthesize the to know how to synthesize the to know how to synthesize the
information from the different uh agent information from the different uh agent information from the different uh agent
or rather from the different sub agent. or rather from the different sub agent. or rather from the different sub agent.
It has to be smart enough to to do this. It has to be smart enough to to do this. It has to be smart enough to to do this.
LM are getting powerful these days. So LM are getting powerful these days. So LM are getting powerful these days. So
they kind of know what to do if you give they kind of know what to do if you give they kind of know what to do if you give
them good prompting because that's them good prompting because that's them good prompting because that's
that's the only mitigation. Strong that's the only mitigation. Strong that's the only mitigation. Strong
synthesis prompting. You have to give synthesis prompting. You have to give synthesis prompting. You have to give
them good prompting to make sure that them good prompting to make sure that them good prompting to make sure that
they know what to do. they know what to do. they know what to do.
They must combine all the results in a They must combine all the results in a They must combine all the results in a
way that is not conflicting. uh for way that is not conflicting. uh for way that is not conflicting. uh for
example with the HR analogy she might example with the HR analogy she might example with the HR analogy she might
not uh be a cake expert kitchen expert not uh be a cake expert kitchen expert not uh be a cake expert kitchen expert
or a decor expert but she has to have or a decor expert but she has to have or a decor expert but she has to have
general knowledge about all these things general knowledge about all these things general knowledge about all these things
general knowledge about all these things general knowledge about all these things general knowledge about all these things
else will she go back to you can't be else will she go back to you can't be else will she go back to you can't be
asking your CEO some questions so you asking your CEO some questions so you asking your CEO some questions so you
have to take uh charge you have to have have to take uh charge you have to have have to take uh charge you have to have
agency over uh the sub aents and you agency over uh the sub aents and you agency over uh the sub aents and you
have to make sure that you direct all have to make sure that you direct all have to make sure that you direct all
those sub agents the kra the baker and those sub agents the kra the baker and those sub agents the kra the baker and
in a way that all their activities flow in a way that all their activities flow in a way that all their activities flow
everything can't must be scattered and everything can't must be scattered and everything can't must be scattered and
all over the place. You're not doing all over the place. You're not doing all over the place. You're not doing
your job well. Another thing is routing. Routing errors. Routing errors. Routing errors. Routing errors.
And this would always happen when you And this would always happen when you And this would always happen when you
have ambiguous prompts. Your main agent have ambiguous prompts. Your main agent have ambiguous prompts. Your main agent
might go and call the wrong sub agent. might go and call the wrong sub agent. might go and call the wrong sub agent.
Might call the wrong sub agent. If you Might call the wrong sub agent. If you Might call the wrong sub agent. If you
have ambiguous descriptions in your tool have ambiguous descriptions in your tool have ambiguous descriptions in your tool
descriptions for the sub agent, you descriptions for the sub agent, you descriptions for the sub agent, you
remember you wrap them around the tool remember you wrap them around the tool remember you wrap them around the tool
or you have ambiguous uh prompt inside or you have ambiguous uh prompt inside or you have ambiguous uh prompt inside
your sub agent. Your mail agent is not your sub agent. Your mail agent is not your sub agent. Your mail agent is not
going to know which guy does what. So going to know which guy does what. So going to know which guy does what. So
you can't just say bakes cake or you you can't just say bakes cake or you you can't just say bakes cake or you
know just get stuff done. You can't give know just get stuff done. You can't give know just get stuff done. You can't give
such kind of vague stuff. You have to such kind of vague stuff. You have to such kind of vague stuff. You have to
properly define what the sub agents do. properly define what the sub agents do. properly define what the sub agents do.
Have clear boundaries between what each Have clear boundaries between what each Have clear boundaries between what each
person does. We should not say cake and person does. We should not say cake and person does. We should not say cake and
you go and call it kra that that will be you go and call it kra that that will be you go and call it kra that that will be
catastrophic. So there should be clear catastrophic. So there should be clear catastrophic. So there should be clear
boundaries between what they do. And boundaries between what they do. And boundaries between what they do. And
this can be uh done through clear tool this can be uh done through clear tool this can be uh done through clear tool
descriptions and very very good descriptions and very very good descriptions and very very good
prompting. You don't want to be calling prompting. You don't want to be calling prompting. You don't want to be calling
the wrong guys or missing out some guys the wrong guys or missing out some guys the wrong guys or missing out some guys
that you're supposed to call. So that's that you're supposed to call. So that's that you're supposed to call. So that's
that's that's a very important step. So that's that's a very important step. So that's that's a very important step. So
yeah, those are our benefits and yeah, those are our benefits and yeah, those are our benefits and
trade-offs. Uh let's fix let's look at trade-offs. Uh let's fix let's look at trade-offs. Uh let's fix let's look at
when to use this pattern. When do we use when to use this pattern. When do we use when to use this pattern. When do we use
this pattern? When to use this pattern? this pattern? When to use this pattern? this pattern? When to use this pattern?
New new frame. New new frame. New new frame.
Get this out of here. 100. No 100. So when do we use this pattern? No 100. So when do we use this pattern?
When do we use the sub aents pattern sub aents pattern
or when to use sub aents? When to use or when to use sub aents? When to use or when to use sub aents? When to use
sub aents. When to use sub aents. Now we're going When to use sub aents. Now we're going
to be looking at this um in two under to be looking at this um in two under to be looking at this um in two under
two different edings rather. So when to two different edings rather. So when to two different edings rather. So when to
use use use
and and and
common use cases. common use cases. common use cases.
When to use and common use cases. When to use and common use cases. When to use and common use cases.
So when to use So when to use So when to use
first when you have distinct first when you have distinct first when you have distinct
specialist domains. specialist domains. specialist domains.
When you have distinct specialist When you have distinct specialist When you have distinct specialist
domains, It's kind of the argument to use um It's kind of the argument to use um
multi- aent systems too. But yeah, multi- aent systems too. But yeah, multi- aent systems too. But yeah,
definitely where sub aents is a subset definitely where sub aents is a subset definitely where sub aents is a subset
of sub agent. So yeah, when you have of sub agent. So yeah, when you have of sub agent. So yeah, when you have
distinct specialist domains, you want to distinct specialist domains, you want to distinct specialist domains, you want to
use sub aents. They're not okay. I think use sub aents. They're not okay. I think use sub aents. They're not okay. I think
what the better way to describe it is what the better way to describe it is what the better way to describe it is
that when they're not dependent when no that when they're not dependent when no that when they're not dependent when no
electrician, plumber, this thing, electrician, plumber, this thing, electrician, plumber, this thing,
they're related. Not that they're not they're related. Not that they're not they're related. Not that they're not
related but they're not dependent. So related but they're not dependent. So related but they're not dependent. So
they're distinct specialist domains then they're distinct specialist domains then they're distinct specialist domains then
you sub agents also when sub aents when sub aents
don't need to talk to the user don't don't need to talk to the user don't don't need to talk to the user don't
need need need
to talk So for example in the HR example the So for example in the HR example the
baker does not need to talk to the CEO. baker does not need to talk to the CEO. baker does not need to talk to the CEO.
the KR doesn't need to talk to your CEO. the KR doesn't need to talk to your CEO. the KR doesn't need to talk to your CEO.
So definitely you need a coordinator to So definitely you need a coordinator to So definitely you need a coordinator to
just coordinate all of them and get just coordinate all of them and get just coordinate all of them and get
things done. So that's another uh aspect things done. So that's another uh aspect things done. So that's another uh aspect
when you use sub agents. Uh you also use when you use sub agents. Uh you also use when you use sub agents. Uh you also use
them when you need centralized centralized control. You want someone to centralized control. You want someone to
just handle it. So yeah, you want that just handle it. So yeah, you want that just handle it. So yeah, you want that
um you want the context to be isolated. When context be isolated, When context be isolated,
you need parallel execution you need parallel execution you need parallel execution
not all the time but when it's necessary not all the time but when it's necessary not all the time but when it's necessary
and you know why that is important later and you know why that is important later and you know why that is important later
because the sub aent pattern is very because the sub aent pattern is very because the sub aent pattern is very
close to the routing pattern but the close to the routing pattern but the close to the routing pattern but the
routing pattern parallelism is not an routing pattern parallelism is not an routing pattern parallelism is not an
option. So but for the sub aent pattern option. So but for the sub aent pattern option. So but for the sub aent pattern
parallelism is an option. You can use parallelism is an option. You can use parallelism is an option. You can use
it, you can not use it only when it it, you can not use it only when it it, you can not use it only when it
improves uh performance then you use it. improves uh performance then you use it. improves uh performance then you use it.
So when you want different teams, part of the benefits when you want part of the benefits when you want
different teams to own different agents different teams to own different agents different teams to own different agents
and different team to own different and different team to own different and different team to own different
agents and also when you need clear agents and also when you need clear agents and also when you need clear
separation or a clear separation for testing and or a clear separation for testing and
maintenance. Yeah. use it. So yeah, this maintenance. Yeah. use it. So yeah, this maintenance. Yeah. use it. So yeah, this
is your rule of thumb to know when you is your rule of thumb to know when you is your rule of thumb to know when you
need this pattern. To wrap things up, need this pattern. To wrap things up, need this pattern. To wrap things up,
let us look at common use cases. Let's let us look at common use cases. Let's let us look at common use cases. Let's
look at common use cases in the real look at common use cases in the real look at common use cases in the real
world where this is used. First, world where this is used. First, world where this is used. First,
personal assistant. Yeah, personal personal assistant. Yeah, personal personal assistant. Yeah, personal
assistant. Get my flight booked, get my assistant. Get my flight booked, get my assistant. Get my flight booked, get my
hotel reservations, hotel reservations, hotel reservations,
get my script written for the talk I get my script written for the talk I get my script written for the talk I
have to give. Yeah, personal assistant. have to give. Yeah, personal assistant. have to give. Yeah, personal assistant.
You want to have a calendar agent. You You want to have a calendar agent. You You want to have a calendar agent. You
want to have an email agent. You have want to have an email agent. You have want to have an email agent. You have
want to have a task agent, specialized want to have a task agent, specialized want to have a task agent, specialized
agents for different things. Yeah, this agents for different things. Yeah, this agents for different things. Yeah, this
is very amazing for a personal is very amazing for a personal is very amazing for a personal
assistant. assistant. assistant.
There's a course I'm going to be There's a course I'm going to be There's a course I'm going to be
releasing uh soon, most likely after releasing uh soon, most likely after releasing uh soon, most likely after
this one, where we get to build charge this one, where we get to build charge this one, where we get to build charge
from scratch. We got to build charging from scratch. We got to build charging from scratch. We got to build charging
the sub agents pattern as kind of like the sub agents pattern as kind of like the sub agents pattern as kind of like
the best pattern for this because all the best pattern for this because all the best pattern for this because all
these chat boards are basically like these chat boards are basically like these chat boards are basically like
personal assistants. So the chatbot gets personal assistants. So the chatbot gets personal assistants. So the chatbot gets
to talk to you but whenever you need to to talk to you but whenever you need to to talk to you but whenever you need to
do any specialized thing it will just do any specialized thing it will just do any specialized thing it will just
use a sub agent underneath do that give use a sub agent underneath do that give use a sub agent underneath do that give
you the result but back and forth you you the result but back and forth you you the result but back and forth you
keep talking to the uh main agent which keep talking to the uh main agent which keep talking to the uh main agent which
is a chatbot. So yeah personal assistant is a chatbot. So yeah personal assistant is a chatbot. So yeah personal assistant
um then we have research workflows you need to research different domains you need to research different domains
and synthesize information from all and synthesize information from all and synthesize information from all
those different sources. Yeah, this is those different sources. Yeah, this is those different sources. Yeah, this is
this is uh this is perfect for it. You this is uh this is perfect for it. You this is uh this is perfect for it. You
want an agent that finds information, an want an agent that finds information, an want an agent that finds information, an
agent that analyzes, an agent that agent that analyzes, an agent that agent that analyzes, an agent that
interprets your sub agents uh pattern interprets your sub agents uh pattern interprets your sub agents uh pattern
can have the main agent doing the task can have the main agent doing the task can have the main agent doing the task
sequentially uh from researcher to anal sequentially uh from researcher to anal sequentially uh from researcher to anal
to analyst to writer. Another thing is to analyst to writer. Another thing is to analyst to writer. Another thing is
customer data platforms. customer data platforms. customer data platforms.
Customer data platforms. Customer data platforms. Customer data platforms.
So you have a CRM agent and we also have So you have a CRM agent and we also have So you have a CRM agent and we also have
an an analytics agent, a reporting an an analytics agent, a reporting an an analytics agent, a reporting
agent, just different agents that agent, just different agents that agent, just different agents that
specify on different customer domains. specify on different customer domains. specify on different customer domains.
Also, if you want to do code generation, Also, if you want to do code generation, Also, if you want to do code generation,
code generation, you can have an agent code generation, you can have an agent code generation, you can have an agent
that specializes in planning, another that specializes in planning, another that specializes in planning, another
that specializes in writing the actual that specializes in writing the actual that specializes in writing the actual
code, another that reviews the code. So code, another that reviews the code. So code, another that reviews the code. So
they all do it sequentially like that. they all do it sequentially like that. they all do it sequentially like that.
You see the sub aent pattern is kind of You see the sub aent pattern is kind of You see the sub aent pattern is kind of
like very very flexible. It can work like very very flexible. It can work like very very flexible. It can work
sequentially, it can work in parallel in sequentially, it can work in parallel in sequentially, it can work in parallel in
different ways. We're going to be seeing different ways. We're going to be seeing different ways. We're going to be seeing
other patterns later that they they other patterns later that they they other patterns later that they they
either sequential or they either either sequential or they either either sequential or they either
parallel. So just giving you that parallel. So just giving you that parallel. So just giving you that
information ahead to see more reasons information ahead to see more reasons information ahead to see more reasons
why you might want to use the sub aents why you might want to use the sub aents why you might want to use the sub aents
pattern for a use case that fits the pattern for a use case that fits the pattern for a use case that fits the
attributes of this pattern. Also attributes of this pattern. Also attributes of this pattern. Also
definitely content creation. definitely content creation. definitely content creation.
Content creation. Content creation. Content creation.
You want to have an agent that You want to have an agent that You want to have an agent that
researches, another agent that takes the researches, another agent that takes the researches, another agent that takes the
research, drafts an outline, and another research, drafts an outline, and another research, drafts an outline, and another
agent that just writes and edits or even agent that just writes and edits or even agent that just writes and edits or even
an agent that publishes. So you can use an agent that publishes. So you can use an agent that publishes. So you can use
that for content creation. that for content creation. that for content creation.
So yeah, these are common use cases in So yeah, these are common use cases in So yeah, these are common use cases in
the real world where you can use the sub the real world where you can use the sub the real world where you can use the sub
aents pattern. And yeah, that's all for aents pattern. And yeah, that's all for aents pattern. And yeah, that's all for
the sub aents pattern in this video. So, in this video, we're going to be So, in this video, we're going to be
looking at another multi- aent pattern. looking at another multi- aent pattern. looking at another multi- aent pattern.
And this is the hands off pattern. The And this is the hands off pattern. The And this is the hands off pattern. The
hands off pattern. Now, I want to hands off pattern. Now, I want to hands off pattern. Now, I want to
believe that if you're not living under believe that if you're not living under believe that if you're not living under
a rock, you have seen a relay race. a rock, you have seen a relay race. a rock, you have seen a relay race.
Yeah. You have seen a relay race. Um, Yeah. You have seen a relay race. Um, Yeah. You have seen a relay race. Um,
and you know how it works. You know how and you know how it works. You know how and you know how it works. You know how
everything works. So, everything works. So, everything works. So,
you're watching the Olympics or any you're watching the Olympics or any you're watching the Olympics or any
athletics event and you're watching this athletics event and you're watching this athletics event and you're watching this
relay race and you see the first runner. relay race and you see the first runner. relay race and you see the first runner.
Runner one. Runner one. Runner one.
Say runner one. Say runner one. Say runner one.
It's definitely too big. So, let's just It's definitely too big. So, let's just It's definitely too big. So, let's just
make it Yeah. Or medium. Yeah. So, we make it Yeah. Or medium. Yeah. So, we make it Yeah. Or medium. Yeah. So, we
have runner one have runner one have runner one
and she takes off. Runner one takes off. and she takes off. Runner one takes off. and she takes off. Runner one takes off.
And when she's done completing her lane, And when she's done completing her lane, And when she's done completing her lane,
she hands the button to she hands the button to she hands the button to
runner two. She hands the button to runner two. She hands the button to runner two. She hands the button to
runner two. Runner two takes off, Runner two takes off,
completes completes completes
our track, our track, our track,
and she hands the baton to runner three. and she hands the baton to runner three. and she hands the baton to runner three.
Runner Runner Runner
three completes three completes three completes
our part of the race our part of the race our part of the race
and hands the baton to the final runner and hands the baton to the final runner and hands the baton to the final runner
taking lane four taking lane four taking lane four
who then completes who then completes who then completes
the race. the race. the race.
That will be uh be great. Oh yeah. Good. That will be uh be great. Oh yeah. Good. That will be uh be great. Oh yeah. Good.
So that's how a relay race works. Just So that's how a relay race works. Just So that's how a relay race works. Just
in case you've not seen a relay race in case you've not seen a relay race in case you've not seen a relay race
before, that's how a relay race works. before, that's how a relay race works. before, that's how a relay race works.
So the first runner So the first runner So the first runner
on lane one oh no the first runner the on lane one oh no the first runner the on lane one oh no the first runner the
first runner yeah the first runner can first runner yeah the first runner can first runner yeah the first runner can
be on any lane can be any lane from lane be on any lane can be any lane from lane be on any lane can be any lane from lane
one to lane eight as a button runs a one to lane eight as a button runs a one to lane eight as a button runs a
particular part and hands the button to particular part and hands the button to particular part and hands the button to
uh runner two. Runner two takes over uh runner two. Runner two takes over uh runner two. Runner two takes over
with the button runs our part hands the with the button runs our part hands the with the button runs our part hands the
button to runner three. Then runner button to runner three. Then runner button to runner three. Then runner
three completes a part and hands the three completes a part and hands the three completes a part and hands the
button to runner four who then takes the button to runner four who then takes the button to runner four who then takes the
last track and completes the race. This last track and completes the race. This last track and completes the race. This
basically how the hands off pattern basically how the hands off pattern basically how the hands off pattern
works. Yeah, this basically how the works. Yeah, this basically how the works. Yeah, this basically how the
hands off pattern works. Probably not in hands off pattern works. Probably not in hands off pattern works. Probably not in
a fixed order but sequentially. And what a fixed order but sequentially. And what a fixed order but sequentially. And what
happens is that you have one agent. Let me set all these colors back to Let me set all these colors back to
being transparent because that will help being transparent because that will help being transparent because that will help
my my my
illustration. The one I'm about to give. illustration. The one I'm about to give. illustration. The one I'm about to give.
So you have one agent So you have one agent So you have one agent
that that that
is the first agent that meets the user. is the first agent that meets the user. is the first agent that meets the user.
This is the first agent that interacts This is the first agent that interacts This is the first agent that interacts
with the user. This is the entry point with the user. This is the entry point with the user. This is the entry point
agent. There has to be an entry point agent. There has to be an entry point agent. There has to be an entry point
agent. So this is the entry point agent. agent. So this is the entry point agent. agent. So this is the entry point agent.
Though all agents, all agents in this Though all agents, all agents in this Though all agents, all agents in this
system are at the same level. There are system are at the same level. There are system are at the same level. There are
no sub agents. There are no lower no sub agents. There are no lower no sub agents. There are no lower
agents. They're all on the same agents. They're all on the same agents. They're all on the same
hierarchy level. So the user interacts hierarchy level. So the user interacts hierarchy level. So the user interacts
with this system with this system with this system
with this system and encounters the very with this system and encounters the very with this system and encounters the very
first agent. Encounters the very first first agent. Encounters the very first first agent. Encounters the very first
agent agent one. And at that point that agent agent one. And at that point that agent agent one. And at that point that
agent is the active agent. agent is the active agent. agent is the active agent.
That agent is the active agent. That agent is the active agent. That agent is the active agent.
Says hello, how are you? Uh this this Says hello, how are you? Uh this this Says hello, how are you? Uh this this
and that. You just imagine like you meet and that. You just imagine like you meet and that. You just imagine like you meet
a receptionist. Or hello, how are you? a receptionist. Or hello, how are you? a receptionist. Or hello, how are you?
this and that and all that. Get your this and that and all that. Get your this and that and all that. Get your
information and all that. And once information and all that. And once information and all that. And once
they're done, once this agent is done they're done, once this agent is done they're done, once this agent is done
with you, it then transfers you to the with you, it then transfers you to the with you, it then transfers you to the
next stage of the task you're about to next stage of the task you're about to next stage of the task you're about to
complete. Transfers you to the next complete. Transfers you to the next complete. Transfers you to the next
stage of the task you're about to stage of the task you're about to stage of the task you're about to
complete, which will be done by another complete, which will be done by another complete, which will be done by another
agent who is going to be done by another who is going to be done by another
agent. And automatically once that agent. And automatically once that agent. And automatically once that
transfer is done, transfer is done, transfer is done,
this becomes the active agent. Yeah, this becomes the active agent. Yeah, this becomes the active agent. Yeah,
this is deselected as the active agent this is deselected as the active agent this is deselected as the active agent
and agent two becomes the next active and agent two becomes the next active and agent two becomes the next active
agent. Just as in a relay race, once the agent. Just as in a relay race, once the agent. Just as in a relay race, once the
first runner is done and hands over the first runner is done and hands over the first runner is done and hands over the
button to the second runner, he or she button to the second runner, he or she button to the second runner, he or she
just stands. He or she just stands. The just stands. He or she just stands. The just stands. He or she just stands. The
second runner is the next active runner. second runner is the next active runner. second runner is the next active runner.
She's the one that keeps blazing. He's She's the one that keeps blazing. He's She's the one that keeps blazing. He's
the one that keeps going. He's the one the one that keeps going. He's the one the one that keeps going. He's the one
that keeps going. When he's done, he that keeps going. When he's done, he that keeps going. When he's done, he
hands over the button. He's no longer hands over the button. He's no longer hands over the button. He's no longer
the active runner. the active runner. the active runner.
The one with the button is now The one with the button is now The one with the button is now
the active runner. the active runner. the active runner.
And it goes on and on like that until And it goes on and on like that until And it goes on and on like that until
the task is finally completed the task is finally completed the task is finally completed
by the last agent, which is the final active agent. which is the final active agent.
And at each point, at each point, the And at each point, at each point, the And at each point, at each point, the
active agent is the one that is active agent is the one that is active agent is the one that is
interacting with the user. The active interacting with the user. The active interacting with the user. The active
agent is the one that is interacting agent is the one that is interacting agent is the one that is interacting
with with the user. So that's how the with with the user. So that's how the with with the user. So that's how the
hands off pattern works. That's how the hands off pattern works. That's how the hands off pattern works. That's how the
hands off pattern works. Unlike the sub hands off pattern works. Unlike the sub hands off pattern works. Unlike the sub
agents pattern, for this pattern, agents pattern, for this pattern, agents pattern, for this pattern,
there's always an active agent. There's there's always an active agent. There's there's always an active agent. There's
always an active agent. Amongst all the always an active agent. Amongst all the always an active agent. Amongst all the
agents that are available in the system, agents that are available in the system, agents that are available in the system,
there's always an active agent. And once there's always an active agent. And once there's always an active agent. And once
the user interacts with that system, the user interacts with that system, the user interacts with that system,
that active agent is the one that gets that active agent is the one that gets that active agent is the one that gets
to interact with the user. That active to interact with the user. That active to interact with the user. That active
agent can be a specialist in one thing agent can be a specialist in one thing agent can be a specialist in one thing
or another. But I think to understand or another. But I think to understand or another. But I think to understand
better, let us use a real world system. better, let us use a real world system. better, let us use a real world system.
Let's let's look at a real world system Let's let's look at a real world system Let's let's look at a real world system
where this type of thing can be where this type of thing can be where this type of thing can be
implemented. So let us do customer implemented. So let us do customer implemented. So let us do customer
service. service. service.
Let's say this is a customer support Let's say this is a customer support Let's say this is a customer support
system. There's a customer support system. There's a customer support system. There's a customer support
system, a customer call center. So let's system, a customer call center. So let's system, a customer call center. So let's
let's just label that. Let's say let's just label that. Let's say let's just label that. Let's say
customer call center. customer call center. customer call center.
Customer call center. So we have a Customer call center. So we have a Customer call center. So we have a
customer call center. And in this customer call center. And in this customer call center. And in this
customer call center customer call center customer call center
we have a general support agent. We have a general support agent. We have a general support agent.
So general support We also have a billing agent. We also have a billing agent.
Billing agent. This the agent that takes Billing agent. This the agent that takes Billing agent. This the agent that takes
care of all billing issues. care of all billing issues. care of all billing issues.
Good. We have a technical agent. Good. We have a technical agent. Good. We have a technical agent.
technical technical technical
support. support. support.
Let's call this billing support. So a Let's call this billing support. So a Let's call this billing support. So a
billing support agent, a technical billing support agent, a technical billing support agent, a technical
support agent, and a general support support agent, and a general support support agent, and a general support
agent. agent. agent.
So we have these three agents. You can So we have these three agents. You can So we have these three agents. You can
have more. You can have more based on have more. You can have more based on have more. You can have more based on
how many uh services this customer call how many uh services this customer call how many uh services this customer call
center uh helps users with. So center uh helps users with. So center uh helps users with. So
a user comes a user comes a user comes
a user comes. Well, let me let me ditch a user comes. Well, let me let me ditch a user comes. Well, let me let me ditch
this arrow. Let's not use an arrow. this arrow. Let's not use an arrow. this arrow. Let's not use an arrow.
Let's just say user. So this is a user. Let's just say user. So this is a user. Let's just say user. So this is a user.
Uh let's do this and say this our user. Uh let's do this and say this our user. Uh let's do this and say this our user.
So here here we have our user. So here here we have our user. So here here we have our user.
So the user comes to this customer call So the user comes to this customer call So the user comes to this customer call
center. By default, the customer call center. By default, the customer call center. By default, the customer call
center sets the first agent as the center sets the first agent as the center sets the first agent as the
general support agent, the first active general support agent, the first active general support agent, the first active
agent as the general support agent. So agent as the general support agent. So agent as the general support agent. So
anytime you come to this customer call anytime you come to this customer call anytime you come to this customer call
center, you first meet the general guy, center, you first meet the general guy, center, you first meet the general guy,
the guy that has a little bit of the guy that has a little bit of the guy that has a little bit of
knowledge about everything. So this is knowledge about everything. So this is knowledge about everything. So this is
the agent that you encounter. Then when the agent that you encounter. Then when the agent that you encounter. Then when
you reach this agent, you tell it, you reach this agent, you tell it, you reach this agent, you tell it,
"Yeah, my credit card was um double "Yeah, my credit card was um double "Yeah, my credit card was um double
charged. My credit card was double charged. My credit card was double charged. My credit card was double
charged for my subscription this month. charged for my subscription this month. charged for my subscription this month.
Then the general support agent looks Then the general support agent looks Then the general support agent looks
yeah um okay thank you for providing yeah um okay thank you for providing yeah um okay thank you for providing
that information. You can also ask for that information. You can also ask for that information. You can also ask for
some extra information like your name, some extra information like your name, some extra information like your name,
your account info and everything. Then your account info and everything. Then your account info and everything. Then
internally with knowledge of all the internally with knowledge of all the internally with knowledge of all the
other agents available. It will realize other agents available. It will realize other agents available. It will realize
that this particular issue can be that this particular issue can be that this particular issue can be
handled or is to be handled by the handled or is to be handled by the handled or is to be handled by the
billing support agent. Be handled by the billing support agent. Be handled by the billing support agent. Be handled by the
billing support agent. So what does this billing support agent. So what does this billing support agent. So what does this
agent do? It immediately updates the agent do? It immediately updates the agent do? It immediately updates the
state to deselect itself as the active state to deselect itself as the active state to deselect itself as the active
agent. It deselects itself as the active agent. It deselects itself as the active agent. It deselects itself as the active
agent and updates the billing support as agent and updates the billing support as agent and updates the billing support as
the active agent. It updates the billing the active agent. It updates the billing the active agent. It updates the billing
support as the active agent. And once it support as the active agent. And once it support as the active agent. And once it
does that, it then tells the user, it does that, it then tells the user, it does that, it then tells the user, it
responds to the user by saying, "Let me responds to the user by saying, "Let me responds to the user by saying, "Let me
transfer you to our billing department. transfer you to our billing department. transfer you to our billing department.
Let me transfer you to our billing Let me transfer you to our billing Let me transfer you to our billing
department." And from that point on, department." And from that point on, department." And from that point on,
any request that the user sends any request that the user sends any request that the user sends
is now going to the billing agent. Any is now going to the billing agent. Any is now going to the billing agent. Any
query that the user makes is now going query that the user makes is now going query that the user makes is now going
to the billing agent. The general to the billing agent. The general to the billing agent. The general
support agent basically handed off to support agent basically handed off to support agent basically handed off to
the billing agent. It handed off to the the billing agent. It handed off to the the billing agent. It handed off to the
billing agent and the billing agent billing agent and the billing agent billing agent and the billing agent
takes care of it and it responds to the takes care of it and it responds to the takes care of it and it responds to the
user and helps the user take care of user and helps the user take care of user and helps the user take care of
their billing issue. It can then say their billing issue. It can then say their billing issue. It can then say
something like, "Is there any other something like, "Is there any other something like, "Is there any other
thing I can do for you?" Let's assume thing I can do for you?" Let's assume thing I can do for you?" Let's assume
the user then says, "Um, yeah, I noticed the user then says, "Um, yeah, I noticed the user then says, "Um, yeah, I noticed
that I've been trying to log in for that I've been trying to log in for that I've been trying to log in for
several days now, but I've been getting several days now, but I've been getting several days now, but I've been getting
this particular error." What happens is this particular error." What happens is this particular error." What happens is
that the building agent is also smart that the building agent is also smart that the building agent is also smart
enough and also has knowledge of all the enough and also has knowledge of all the enough and also has knowledge of all the
agents available is smart enough to agents available is smart enough to agents available is smart enough to
realize that this sounds like a realize that this sounds like a realize that this sounds like a
technical problem. This sounds like a technical problem. This sounds like a technical problem. This sounds like a
technical problem. So, what does it do? technical problem. So, what does it do? technical problem. So, what does it do?
It updates the state to deselect itself It updates the state to deselect itself It updates the state to deselect itself
as the active agent and then selects the as the active agent and then selects the as the active agent and then selects the
technical support agent as the active technical support agent as the active technical support agent as the active
agent. agent. agent.
It then replies the user by saying let It then replies the user by saying let It then replies the user by saying let
me transfer you to our technical me transfer you to our technical me transfer you to our technical
specialist. And by the time the user specialist. And by the time the user specialist. And by the time the user
sends a new message, the user is now sends a new message, the user is now sends a new message, the user is now
speaking to the technical support agent. speaking to the technical support agent. speaking to the technical support agent.
That's how hands off works. Sometimes That's how hands off works. Sometimes That's how hands off works. Sometimes
the general support can jump to uh the general support can jump to uh the general support can jump to uh
technical support. It doesn't have to technical support. It doesn't have to technical support. It doesn't have to
follow a specific order. It just hands follow a specific order. It just hands follow a specific order. It just hands
off to the appropriate agent and each off to the appropriate agent and each off to the appropriate agent and each
agent can hand off to any other agent agent can hand off to any other agent agent can hand off to any other agent
available in the system. If the user's available in the system. If the user's available in the system. If the user's
technical issue is resolved and the user technical issue is resolved and the user technical issue is resolved and the user
says something like what are other says something like what are other says something like what are other
services that you guys offer? Uh this is services that you guys offer? Uh this is services that you guys offer? Uh this is
not a billing issue neither is it a not a billing issue neither is it a not a billing issue neither is it a
technical issue. So the technical technical issue. So the technical technical issue. So the technical
support agent already knows that this is support agent already knows that this is support agent already knows that this is
not my burden to bear. And if there is not my burden to bear. And if there is not my burden to bear. And if there is
no other agent that specifically handles no other agent that specifically handles no other agent that specifically handles
that, it will just transfer control to that, it will just transfer control to that, it will just transfer control to
transfer control transfer control transfer control
away from itself away from itself away from itself
and back to general support because of and back to general support because of and back to general support because of
course general support should know a course general support should know a course general support should know a
thing or two about more uh services that thing or two about more uh services that thing or two about more uh services that
the product offers. So the general the product offers. So the general the product offers. So the general
support can then reply the user and support can then reply the user and support can then reply the user and
guide the user on any other services guide the user on any other services guide the user on any other services
that they can purchase to improve their that they can purchase to improve their that they can purchase to improve their
experience. So that is how the hands off experience. So that is how the hands off experience. So that is how the hands off
pattern works. The key insight to this pattern works. The key insight to this pattern works. The key insight to this
pattern is that only one agent talks to pattern is that only one agent talks to pattern is that only one agent talks to
you all the time. At every single point you all the time. At every single point you all the time. At every single point
in time you are only speaking with one in time you are only speaking with one in time you are only speaking with one
agent. Multiple agents are not being agent. Multiple agents are not being agent. Multiple agents are not being
called. Multiple agents are not being called. Multiple agents are not being called. Multiple agents are not being
called. state is being updated to called. state is being updated to called. state is being updated to
transfer control to the agent that is transfer control to the agent that is transfer control to the agent that is
responsible for responding to your responsible for responding to your responsible for responding to your
query. That's basically what is query. That's basically what is query. That's basically what is
happening. So at every point you're happening. So at every point you're happening. So at every point you're
talking to one agent and what is going talking to one agent and what is going talking to one agent and what is going
on within the multi- aent system is that on within the multi- aent system is that on within the multi- aent system is that
the agents here are transferring control the agents here are transferring control the agents here are transferring control
to each other based on the user's query. to each other based on the user's query. to each other based on the user's query.
How amazing is that? And this is exactly How amazing is that? And this is exactly How amazing is that? And this is exactly
how the hands off pattern works. Now to how the hands off pattern works. Now to how the hands off pattern works. Now to
further break things down, let us look further break things down, let us look further break things down, let us look
at some of the key characteristics of at some of the key characteristics of at some of the key characteristics of
this pattern. this pattern. this pattern.
Let me get everything here. Let's shrink Let me get everything here. Let's shrink Let me get everything here. Let's shrink
it down. I can put it here. And now let it down. I can put it here. And now let it down. I can put it here. And now let
us discuss characteristics. us discuss characteristics. us discuss characteristics.
So let's look at key characteristics So let's look at key characteristics So let's look at key characteristics
of this pattern. Characteristics. Characteristics.
And the first is going to be And the first is going to be And the first is going to be
they're like text distributed control. Distributed control. Distributed control.
Now in this pattern as you have seen Now in this pattern as you have seen Now in this pattern as you have seen
there's no single supervisor. Nobody is there's no single supervisor. Nobody is there's no single supervisor. Nobody is
supervising everybody. Yeah. Nobody's supervising everybody. Yeah. Nobody's supervising everybody. Yeah. Nobody's
supervising everybody. Of course you supervising everybody. Of course you supervising everybody. Of course you
have an entry point agent because you have an entry point agent because you have an entry point agent because you
have to select one by default for the have to select one by default for the have to select one by default for the
user to talk to first. But that user to talk to first. But that user to talk to first. But that
particular agent is just at the same particular agent is just at the same particular agent is just at the same
hierarchy as every other agent in the hierarchy as every other agent in the hierarchy as every other agent in the
system. There's no central supervisor system. There's no central supervisor system. There's no central supervisor
and any agent can be active at any time. and any agent can be active at any time. and any agent can be active at any time.
Any agent can be active at any time in Any agent can be active at any time in Any agent can be active at any time in
this uh multi- aent system. So that's this uh multi- aent system. So that's this uh multi- aent system. So that's
the first thing distributed control. the first thing distributed control. the first thing distributed control.
There's no centralized control. There's no centralized control. There's no centralized control.
Secondly, Secondly, Secondly,
there's direct there's direct there's direct
user interaction user interaction user interaction
with every agent. with every agent. with every agent.
There's direct user interaction with There's direct user interaction with There's direct user interaction with
every agent. So the user gets to talk to every agent. So the user gets to talk to every agent. So the user gets to talk to
every agent. Unlike the sub agent system every agent. Unlike the sub agent system every agent. Unlike the sub agent system
where you only get to talk to the main where you only get to talk to the main where you only get to talk to the main
agent, you don't get to talk to the sub agent, you don't get to talk to the sub agent, you don't get to talk to the sub
agents. Here the user gets to talk to agents. Here the user gets to talk to agents. Here the user gets to talk to
every single agent. So you get to give every single agent. So you get to give every single agent. So you get to give
it your context directly. You get to it your context directly. You get to it your context directly. You get to
give it your information directly. It give it your information directly. It give it your information directly. It
chats with you directly. It asks it chats with you directly. It asks it chats with you directly. It asks it
questions. If it needs if it asks questions. If it needs if it asks questions. If it needs if it asks
follow-up questions, if it needs more follow-up questions, if it needs more follow-up questions, if it needs more
information, it's going to ask the user information, it's going to ask the user information, it's going to ask the user
directly and make sure that it satisfies directly and make sure that it satisfies directly and make sure that it satisfies
the user directly. So direct user the user directly. So direct user the user directly. So direct user
interaction with all the agents in the interaction with all the agents in the interaction with all the agents in the
system. Also there's explicit transfer system. Also there's explicit transfer system. Also there's explicit transfer
of control. There's explicit transfer of of control. There's explicit transfer of of control. There's explicit transfer of
control. There's no partial transfer of control. There's no partial transfer of control. There's no partial transfer of
control. Once a particular agent is in control. Once a particular agent is in control. Once a particular agent is in
control, it's in total control. It's in control, it's in total control. It's in control, it's in total control. It's in
total control. Whatever it does with the total control. Whatever it does with the total control. Whatever it does with the
user is at its own discretion. The agent user is at its own discretion. The agent user is at its own discretion. The agent
between each other use two calls to between each other use two calls to between each other use two calls to
transfer control from one agent to transfer control from one agent to transfer control from one agent to
another. And once a particular agent is another. And once a particular agent is another. And once a particular agent is
in control, it's in full control. Also in control, it's in full control. Also in control, it's in full control. Also
the transitions are highly stateful. the transitions are highly stateful. the transitions are highly stateful.
Once you transfer control, the new agent Once you transfer control, the new agent Once you transfer control, the new agent
gets all the context. It gets gets all the context. It gets gets all the context. It gets
everything. State persists across agent everything. State persists across agent everything. State persists across agent
switches. So if from general support switches. So if from general support switches. So if from general support
billing gets the new control, the entire billing gets the new control, the entire billing gets the new control, the entire
state, the entire conversation history state, the entire conversation history state, the entire conversation history
that happened with general support is that happened with general support is that happened with general support is
going to go to billing. Later on, we're going to go to billing. Later on, we're going to go to billing. Later on, we're
going to be seeing whether that's a good going to be seeing whether that's a good going to be seeing whether that's a good
thing or a bad thing, but every agent thing or a bad thing, but every agent thing or a bad thing, but every agent
sees the full state. So, stateful sees the full state. So, stateful sees the full state. So, stateful
transitions. The next characteristic is transitions. The next characteristic is transitions. The next characteristic is
that the flow is always sequential. that the flow is always sequential. that the flow is always sequential.
The flow is always sequential and you The flow is always sequential and you The flow is always sequential and you
will always talk to one agent at a time. will always talk to one agent at a time. will always talk to one agent at a time.
You can't talk to two agents at a time. You can't talk to two agents at a time. You can't talk to two agents at a time.
You can't you can't do that. You will You can't you can't do that. You will You can't you can't do that. You will
always talk to one agent at a time. Like always talk to one agent at a time. Like always talk to one agent at a time. Like
I said, in some situations that can be a I said, in some situations that can be a I said, in some situations that can be a
good thing. In some situations, nah, not good thing. In some situations, nah, not good thing. In some situations, nah, not
so much. But the flow is always so much. But the flow is always so much. But the flow is always
sequential. You you have one active sequential. You you have one active sequential. You you have one active
agent at a time when you need talk to agent at a time when you need talk to agent at a time when you need talk to
another agent. Control is transferred to another agent. Control is transferred to another agent. Control is transferred to
that agent. There's no parallelism. that agent. There's no parallelism. that agent. There's no parallelism.
There's no parallelism in this There's no parallelism in this There's no parallelism in this
particular agentic pattern. particular agentic pattern. particular agentic pattern.
So sequential flow and because of So sequential flow and because of So sequential flow and because of
stateful transitions, stateful transitions, stateful transitions,
we have we have we have
conversation continuity. conversation continuity. So you can conversation continuity. So you can
simply ask the billing support about simply ask the billing support about simply ask the billing support about
anything that you discussed with the anything that you discussed with the anything that you discussed with the
general support. As long as you're not general support. As long as you're not general support. As long as you're not
trying to give it a task that has to do trying to give it a task that has to do trying to give it a task that has to do
with general support, you can ask it, with general support, you can ask it, with general support, you can ask it,
oh, he can remember your name. It can oh, he can remember your name. It can oh, he can remember your name. It can
remember the name you gave general remember the name you gave general remember the name you gave general
support. It can remember the email support. It can remember the email support. It can remember the email
address you give general support. You address you give general support. You address you give general support. You
can discuss some of the issues about can discuss some of the issues about can discuss some of the issues about
around your account with that agent. But around your account with that agent. But around your account with that agent. But
when it needs to do a particular task when it needs to do a particular task when it needs to do a particular task
and it realizes that it is not the one and it realizes that it is not the one and it realizes that it is not the one
for it, it will transfer control to the for it, it will transfer control to the for it, it will transfer control to the
agent that is to perform that particular agent that is to perform that particular agent that is to perform that particular
task. So the the the conversion flows task. So the the the conversion flows task. So the the the conversion flows
through it is continuous full message through it is continuous full message through it is continuous full message
history available to the receiving or history available to the receiving or history available to the receiving or
active agent. So yeah, those are the active agent. So yeah, those are the active agent. So yeah, those are the
characteristics. Those are the characteristics. Those are the characteristics. Those are the
characteristics. Now how do you actually characteristics. Now how do you actually characteristics. Now how do you actually
implement this type of pattern in implement this type of pattern in implement this type of pattern in
Langraph? We've been discussing a lot. Langraph? We've been discussing a lot. Langraph? We've been discussing a lot.
might be time to see some code and I'm might be time to see some code and I'm might be time to see some code and I'm
going to be introducing a familiar going to be introducing a familiar going to be introducing a familiar
friend called the pseudo coder. Yeah, friend called the pseudo coder. Yeah, friend called the pseudo coder. Yeah,
time to bring back the pseudo coder. So time to bring back the pseudo coder. So time to bring back the pseudo coder. So
how do you implement this in lang graph? how do you implement this in lang graph? how do you implement this in lang graph?
There actually two ways. There are two There actually two ways. There are two There actually two ways. There are two
ways. First you can use a single agent ways. First you can use a single agent ways. First you can use a single agent
and dynamically switch its prompt and and dynamically switch its prompt and and dynamically switch its prompt and
tools. Yeah, it can it can be that tools. Yeah, it can it can be that tools. Yeah, it can it can be that
fancy. You can use a single agent. You fancy. You can use a single agent. You fancy. You can use a single agent. You
can actually build this multi- aent can actually build this multi- aent can actually build this multi- aent
system using a single agent. but you get system using a single agent. but you get system using a single agent. but you get
to swap its tools and instructions and to swap its tools and instructions and to swap its tools and instructions and
by the time the user is conversing with by the time the user is conversing with by the time the user is conversing with
it after the switch, it's like you're it after the switch, it's like you're it after the switch, it's like you're
talking to a totally different agent. talking to a totally different agent. talking to a totally different agent.
You're basically talking to a totally You're basically talking to a totally You're basically talking to a totally
different agent because what controls different agent because what controls different agent because what controls
agents are their prompts and their agents are their prompts and their agents are their prompts and their
tools. So that's one way that you can do tools. So that's one way that you can do tools. So that's one way that you can do
that. And you can do your switching that. And you can do your switching that. And you can do your switching
using the u middleware parameter because using the u middleware parameter because using the u middleware parameter because
you're going to be using a single agent. you're going to be using a single agent. you're going to be using a single agent.
You have to use the create agent. You You have to use the create agent. You You have to use the create agent. You
have to use the create agent model. are have to use the create agent model. are have to use the create agent model. are
going to be doing your switching but let going to be doing your switching but let going to be doing your switching but let
us look at let us let us see how is us look at let us let us see how is us look at let us let us see how is
implemented let's see how it's implemented let's see how it's implemented let's see how it's
implemented so the first thing you have implemented so the first thing you have implemented so the first thing you have
to do the first thing you have to do is to do the first thing you have to do is to do the first thing you have to do is
to define your state first have to to define your state first have to to define your state first have to
define your state so let's define our define your state so let's define our define your state so let's define our
state we assume that we are creating state we assume that we are creating state we assume that we are creating
this for the support uh agent that we this for the support uh agent that we this for the support uh agent that we
described or support multi- aent system described or support multi- aent system described or support multi- aent system
so we define our state it inheries from so we define our state it inheries from so we define our state it inheries from
agent state which is the default state agent state which is the default state agent state which is the default state
that goes into the create agent model so that goes into the create agent model so that goes into the create agent model so
we just create a new definition using a we just create a new definition using a we just create a new definition using a
type dict and we set a current step type dict and we set a current step type dict and we set a current step
state variable that is a literal which state variable that is a literal which state variable that is a literal which
represent each of the agents the represent each of the agents the represent each of the agents the
warranty agent a classification agent warranty agent a classification agent warranty agent a classification agent
and a resolution agent then warranty and a resolution agent then warranty and a resolution agent then warranty
status and issue type you can set any status and issue type you can set any status and issue type you can set any
variables you want based on the type of variables you want based on the type of variables you want based on the type of
system that you want to build but we're system that you want to build but we're system that you want to build but we're
going to see how this makes sense later going to see how this makes sense later going to see how this makes sense later
so we're going to create our state it so we're going to create our state it so we're going to create our state it
will inherit from agent state this will inherit from agent state this will inherit from agent state this
allows you to pass custom state to your allows you to pass custom state to your allows you to pass custom state to your
create agent model so we then need a create agent model so we then need a create agent model so we then need a
system we need a mechanism to swap our system we need a mechanism to swap our system we need a mechanism to swap our
prompt and tools. We need the mechanism prompt and tools. We need the mechanism prompt and tools. We need the mechanism
to swap our prompt and tools and that to swap our prompt and tools and that to swap our prompt and tools and that
will be done by using the model swapping will be done by using the model swapping will be done by using the model swapping
middleware. The model swapping middleware. The model swapping middleware. The model swapping
middleware that we saw in the lesson on middleware that we saw in the lesson on middleware that we saw in the lesson on
building single agent. This will be done building single agent. This will be done building single agent. This will be done
with the wrap model call decorator and with the wrap model call decorator and with the wrap model call decorator and
we give it a function that is going to we give it a function that is going to we give it a function that is going to
do that swapping for us. We create a do that swapping for us. We create a do that swapping for us. We create a
function that helps us swap our system function that helps us swap our system function that helps us swap our system
prompt and our tools. So what this does prompt and our tools. So what this does prompt and our tools. So what this does
is that it gets the current step from is that it gets the current step from is that it gets the current step from
the state defaults to warranty. Get the the state defaults to warranty. Get the the state defaults to warranty. Get the
current step and this step config is current step and this step config is current step and this step config is
going to be an object that contains all going to be an object that contains all going to be an object that contains all
the tools and the prompts for our the tools and the prompts for our the tools and the prompts for our
different agents. Each agent represented different agents. Each agent represented different agents. Each agent represented
by the key of its name. So when you pass by the key of its name. So when you pass by the key of its name. So when you pass
its name into this step config, this its name into this step config, this its name into this step config, this
config is going to load its tools and config is going to load its tools and config is going to load its tools and
its prompt which you have defined in a its prompt which you have defined in a its prompt which you have defined in a
dictionary. So once you load that, you dictionary. So once you load that, you dictionary. So once you load that, you
then use request override to override then use request override to override then use request override to override
the system prompt which you will set as the system prompt which you will set as the system prompt which you will set as
the prompt coming from the config of the prompt coming from the config of the prompt coming from the config of
that particular agent and also you that particular agent and also you that particular agent and also you
override the tools by setting it to be override the tools by setting it to be override the tools by setting it to be
the tools from the config of that the tools from the config of that the tools from the config of that
particular agent. So finally you return particular agent. So finally you return particular agent. So finally you return
the handler with the request. So that's the handler with the request. So that's the handler with the request. So that's
how you do your automatic swapping based how you do your automatic swapping based how you do your automatic swapping based
on the state. That's how you do it based on the state. That's how you do it based on the state. That's how you do it based
on the state. This is called whenever on the state. This is called whenever on the state. This is called whenever
the user interacts with the agent. So the user interacts with the agent. So the user interacts with the agent. So
once the user is interacting with the once the user is interacting with the once the user is interacting with the
agent, you get the current state and you agent, you get the current state and you agent, you get the current state and you
get the current step which the agent get the current step which the agent get the current step which the agent
that is handing off has already updated that is handing off has already updated that is handing off has already updated
to be the next agent and that agents to be the next agent and that agents to be the next agent and that agents
configuration will be used to swap the configuration will be used to swap the configuration will be used to swap the
system prompt and also the tools. And system prompt and also the tools. And system prompt and also the tools. And
once you have this set up, you can then once you have this set up, you can then once you have this set up, you can then
define your agent. Can then define your define your agent. Can then define your define your agent. Can then define your
agent with create agent. You give it agent with create agent. You give it agent with create agent. You give it
your model. You give it your tools. Your your model. You give it your tools. Your your model. You give it your tools. Your
state schema is going to be this support state schema is going to be this support state schema is going to be this support
state that you have created which is a state that you have created which is a state that you have created which is a
custom state for this agent. custom state for this agent. custom state for this agent.
And the middleware is going to be the And the middleware is going to be the And the middleware is going to be the
middleware that reads the current step middleware that reads the current step middleware that reads the current step
and applies the swapping of your system and applies the swapping of your system and applies the swapping of your system
prompt and your tools and then you add a prompt and your tools and then you add a prompt and your tools and then you add a
checkpointer to maintain memory. That is checkpointer to maintain memory. That is checkpointer to maintain memory. That is
very very important. So yeah, this is very very important. So yeah, this is very very important. So yeah, this is
one way by which you can create this one way by which you can create this one way by which you can create this
hands-off multi- aent system. This very hands-off multi- aent system. This very hands-off multi- aent system. This very
fancy. You're using one agent and you fancy. You're using one agent and you fancy. You're using one agent and you
are swapping its persona. You're are swapping its persona. You're are swapping its persona. You're
swapping it behaviors at runtime. So swapping it behaviors at runtime. So swapping it behaviors at runtime. So
that's one way. Let's look at another that's one way. Let's look at another that's one way. Let's look at another
way you can do this. way you can do this. way you can do this.
Let's look at another way you can do Let's look at another way you can do Let's look at another way you can do
this. Now the second way we're going to be Now the second way we're going to be
looking at is the LN graph traditional looking at is the LN graph traditional looking at is the LN graph traditional
way, the barebones way where you get to way, the barebones way where you get to way, the barebones way where you get to
use nodes and edges. Now here the first use nodes and edges. Now here the first use nodes and edges. Now here the first
thing you do is to define your agent. thing you do is to define your agent. thing you do is to define your agent.
You define your separate agent. Let a You define your separate agent. Let a You define your separate agent. Let a
comment here and say define. comment here and say define. comment here and say define.
So you define your agent So you define your agent So you define your agent
and a quick way to define your agent is and a quick way to define your agent is and a quick way to define your agent is
to just use create agent. Just use to just use create agent. Just use to just use create agent. Just use
create agent to define each of your create agent to define each of your create agent to define each of your
agents. You can still use a normal graph agents. You can still use a normal graph agents. You can still use a normal graph
to build it up, but if it's going to be to build it up, but if it's going to be to build it up, but if it's going to be
a React type of agent, if it's not a a React type of agent, if it's not a a React type of agent, if it's not a
complex agent, if it's just an agent complex agent, if it's just an agent complex agent, if it's just an agent
that uses the React pattern, just go that uses the React pattern, just go that uses the React pattern, just go
ahead and use create agent. It's way ahead and use create agent. It's way ahead and use create agent. It's way
easier and it's very, very powerful. So, easier and it's very, very powerful. So, easier and it's very, very powerful. So,
you define your separate agent. And the you define your separate agent. And the you define your separate agent. And the
next thing you will do is to define a next thing you will do is to define a next thing you will do is to define a
function that is going to read state and function that is going to read state and function that is going to read state and
transfer to the next agent. It's just transfer to the next agent. It's just transfer to the next agent. It's just
going to read state and know when to going to read state and know when to going to read state and know when to
transfer to another agent. transfer to another agent. transfer to another agent.
So to do that we simply define our So to do that we simply define our So to do that we simply define our
conditional routing function is route to conditional routing function is route to conditional routing function is route to
agent. It reads the state. It reads agent. It reads the state. It reads agent. It reads the state. It reads
current agent. We are assuming the current agent. We are assuming the current agent. We are assuming the
previous state to where we have current previous state to where we have current previous state to where we have current
agent. It will read current agent and agent. It will read current agent and agent. It will read current agent and
current agent can be set to general. It current agent can be set to general. It current agent can be set to general. It
can be set to billing. It can be set to can be set to billing. It can be set to can be set to billing. It can be set to
technical which are going to be the technical which are going to be the technical which are going to be the
names that we're going to use to add names that we're going to use to add names that we're going to use to add
these agents as nodes to our graph. And these agents as nodes to our graph. And these agents as nodes to our graph. And
then once we have this function we can then once we have this function we can then once we have this function we can
create our handoff workflow. create our handoff workflow. create our handoff workflow.
Can create our handoff workflow. The Can create our handoff workflow. The Can create our handoff workflow. The
workflow equals state graph where we workflow equals state graph where we workflow equals state graph where we
pass in support state. We add our nodes pass in support state. We add our nodes pass in support state. We add our nodes
which are our agents. We add each of our which are our agents. We add each of our which are our agents. We add each of our
agent as a node and then we add add agent as a node and then we add add agent as a node and then we add add
conditional edges. So our agent just conditional edges. So our agent just conditional edges. So our agent just
starts and it goes to route to agent. starts and it goes to route to agent. starts and it goes to route to agent.
goes to route to agent and what route to goes to route to agent and what route to goes to route to agent and what route to
agent will do is to simply return the agent will do is to simply return the agent will do is to simply return the
current agent which can either be current agent which can either be current agent which can either be
general billing or technical. So let's general billing or technical. So let's general billing or technical. So let's
say by default is general. So from start say by default is general. So from start say by default is general. So from start
we will go to the general agent. If you we will go to the general agent. If you we will go to the general agent. If you
are conversing with the general agent are conversing with the general agent are conversing with the general agent
and you have a billing issue, it will and you have a billing issue, it will and you have a billing issue, it will
update this current agent state to update this current agent state to update this current agent state to
billing and then the next time the user billing and then the next time the user billing and then the next time the user
talks to the multi- aent system, route talks to the multi- aent system, route talks to the multi- aent system, route
to agent is going to route to the to agent is going to route to the to agent is going to route to the
billing agent. It's going to route to billing agent. It's going to route to billing agent. It's going to route to
the billing agent. If the billing agent the billing agent. If the billing agent the billing agent. If the billing agent
also sees a technical issue, it will also sees a technical issue, it will also sees a technical issue, it will
update the current agent state to update the current agent state to update the current agent state to
technical. If it's a general issue, it technical. If it's a general issue, it technical. If it's a general issue, it
will update the current agent state back will update the current agent state back will update the current agent state back
to general. And the application is smart to general. And the application is smart to general. And the application is smart
enough to go from start to whichever enough to go from start to whichever enough to go from start to whichever
agent is currently the value of the agent is currently the value of the agent is currently the value of the
current agent state variable. current agent state variable. current agent state variable.
So yeah, these are the two ways that you So yeah, these are the two ways that you So yeah, these are the two ways that you
can create the handoff flow within your can create the handoff flow within your can create the handoff flow within your
multi- aent system. There are some other multi- aent system. There are some other multi- aent system. There are some other
strategies that are available. For strategies that are available. For strategies that are available. For
example, you can use two calls and example, you can use two calls and example, you can use two calls and
inside the tool, you can simply use inside the tool, you can simply use inside the tool, you can simply use
command to update the state and also command to update the state and also command to update the state and also
redirect to the required node. But with redirect to the required node. But with redirect to the required node. But with
these two strategies, you're good to go these two strategies, you're good to go these two strategies, you're good to go
with your hand off implementation. Let's with your hand off implementation. Let's with your hand off implementation. Let's
look at an example where we use the a look at an example where we use the a look at an example where we use the a
tool call to hand off. Just going to tool call to hand off. Just going to tool call to hand off. Just going to
clear this. Bring the pseudo coder down. clear this. Bring the pseudo coder down. clear this. Bring the pseudo coder down.
And as I mentioned, And as I mentioned, And as I mentioned,
you can do your hand off within a tool. you can do your hand off within a tool. you can do your hand off within a tool.
Can do it within a tool. So you write a Can do it within a tool. So you write a Can do it within a tool. So you write a
tool. For example, this tool says tool. For example, this tool says tool. For example, this tool says
transfer to billing. And one thing you transfer to billing. And one thing you transfer to billing. And one thing you
can see with these tools is that they're can see with these tools is that they're can see with these tools is that they're
very very specific. Even though you can very very specific. Even though you can very very specific. Even though you can
make it dynamic by passing the make it dynamic by passing the make it dynamic by passing the
particular tool you want to transfer to, particular tool you want to transfer to, particular tool you want to transfer to,
but this one is very very direct. It but this one is very very direct. It but this one is very very direct. It
says transfer to billing. Uh you get says transfer to billing. Uh you get says transfer to billing. Uh you get
your reason in which is the reason from your reason in which is the reason from your reason in which is the reason from
the agent that is transferring the the agent that is transferring the the agent that is transferring the
control. You get your two runtime. You control. You get your two runtime. You control. You get your two runtime. You
will then return a command. You then will then return a command. You then will then return a command. You then
return a command object. You return your return a command object. You return your return a command object. You return your
command object. use your command object command object. use your command object command object. use your command object
to update the state. First, you need to to update the state. First, you need to to update the state. First, you need to
add a two message to the messages uh add a two message to the messages uh add a two message to the messages uh
list because you are actually calling a list because you are actually calling a list because you are actually calling a
tool. So to make sure that the messages tool. So to make sure that the messages tool. So to make sure that the messages
uh list is coherent and is consistent, uh list is coherent and is consistent, uh list is coherent and is consistent,
you have to add a two message. That's you have to add a two message. That's you have to add a two message. That's
why we needed the runtime so that we can why we needed the runtime so that we can why we needed the runtime so that we can
pass the tool call ID. You can also feed pass the tool call ID. You can also feed pass the tool call ID. You can also feed
in the reason which is very very in the reason which is very very in the reason which is very very
important. Then here you can update your important. Then here you can update your important. Then here you can update your
current step to billing and this would current step to billing and this would current step to billing and this would
automatically trigger the handoff to automatically trigger the handoff to automatically trigger the handoff to
billing because the next time the user billing because the next time the user billing because the next time the user
calls the agent the billing agent is now calls the agent the billing agent is now calls the agent the billing agent is now
the current step and that is the agent the current step and that is the agent the current step and that is the agent
that is going to be talking to the user. that is going to be talking to the user. that is going to be talking to the user.
So yeah these are basically the three So yeah these are basically the three So yeah these are basically the three
steps. Uh you can do the fancy one where steps. Uh you can do the fancy one where steps. Uh you can do the fancy one where
you are shape shifting a particular you are shape shifting a particular you are shape shifting a particular
agent to take on different personas. You agent to take on different personas. You agent to take on different personas. You
can use the graph workflow where you can use the graph workflow where you can use the graph workflow where you
create your separate agent add them as create your separate agent add them as create your separate agent add them as
nodes and you conditionally route to nodes and you conditionally route to nodes and you conditionally route to
them based on state and also you can them based on state and also you can them based on state and also you can
just do a more explicit routing within a just do a more explicit routing within a just do a more explicit routing within a
tool call. So yeah that's how you tool call. So yeah that's how you tool call. So yeah that's how you
implement the handsoff pattern. Now let implement the handsoff pattern. Now let implement the handsoff pattern. Now let
us look at benefits and trade-offs. us look at benefits and trade-offs. us look at benefits and trade-offs.
Look at benefits and trade-offs. Look at benefits and trade-offs. Look at benefits and trade-offs.
Bump this up. And here I have benefits and we have trade-offs here. What are and we have trade-offs here. What are
the benefits and trade-offs to this the benefits and trade-offs to this the benefits and trade-offs to this
pattern? As usual, let's do benefits pattern? As usual, let's do benefits pattern? As usual, let's do benefits
first. Going to go large. And the first first. Going to go large. And the first first. Going to go large. And the first
benefit is that you have direct benefit is that you have direct benefit is that you have direct
user interaction. user interaction. user interaction.
Direct user interaction meaning that the Direct user interaction meaning that the Direct user interaction meaning that the
user can talk to any agent directly. user can talk to any agent directly. user can talk to any agent directly.
Each of the specialist agents get to Each of the specialist agents get to Each of the specialist agents get to
talk to the user directly. So they get talk to the user directly. So they get talk to the user directly. So they get
to converse with the user directly. They to converse with the user directly. They to converse with the user directly. They
get to get all the context. They get to get to get all the context. They get to get to get all the context. They get to
ask their questions. They get to get all ask their questions. They get to get all ask their questions. They get to get all
the everything they need from the user the everything they need from the user the everything they need from the user
to perform their operation. They get it. to perform their operation. They get it. to perform their operation. They get it.
Unlike the sub agent pattern where Unlike the sub agent pattern where Unlike the sub agent pattern where
everything has to go through the main everything has to go through the main everything has to go through the main
agent. Also you can have agent. Also you can have agent. Also you can have
sequential enforcement. sequential enforcement. sequential enforcement.
Have sequential enforcement. So you Have sequential enforcement. So you Have sequential enforcement. So you
don't have a dynamic agent that is don't have a dynamic agent that is don't have a dynamic agent that is
trying to decide who to go to. You can trying to decide who to go to. You can trying to decide who to go to. You can
enforce that a particular criteria enforce that a particular criteria enforce that a particular criteria
should be met before going to another should be met before going to another should be met before going to another
agent. For example, if you meet the agent. For example, if you meet the agent. For example, if you meet the
first agent and probably the first agent first agent and probably the first agent first agent and probably the first agent
has to authenticate you. If you don't has to authenticate you. If you don't has to authenticate you. If you don't
pass that authentication, that agent is pass that authentication, that agent is pass that authentication, that agent is
not going to hand you off to the next not going to hand you off to the next not going to hand you off to the next
agent. No, they're not going to hand you agent. No, they're not going to hand you agent. No, they're not going to hand you
off to the next agent. So, you can off to the next agent. So, you can off to the next agent. So, you can
enforce do X before Y. Every do X before enforce do X before Y. Every do X before enforce do X before Y. Every do X before
Y situation in your application within Y situation in your application within Y situation in your application within
the multi- aent system, you can enforce the multi- aent system, you can enforce the multi- aent system, you can enforce
it. You can enforce it. It's within your it. You can enforce it. It's within your it. You can enforce it. It's within your
control. And off is not going to be done control. And off is not going to be done control. And off is not going to be done
until certain criteria is fulfilled. You until certain criteria is fulfilled. You until certain criteria is fulfilled. You
have full control over that. Also, have full control over that. Also, have full control over that. Also,
there's stateful context. there's stateful context. there's stateful context.
And this is something that I see going And this is something that I see going And this is something that I see going
in both columns, in both columns, in both columns,
benefits and trade-offs. There stateful benefits and trade-offs. There stateful benefits and trade-offs. There stateful
context meaning that each agent has the context meaning that each agent has the context meaning that each agent has the
full conversation history. They have the full conversation history. They have the full conversation history. They have the
full conversation history. So, they're full conversation history. So, they're full conversation history. So, they're
following your customer journey. They're following your customer journey. They're following your customer journey. They're
following for in the uh support example following for in the uh support example following for in the uh support example
that we looked at. Each agent is aware that we looked at. Each agent is aware that we looked at. Each agent is aware
of your customer journey. So they can of your customer journey. So they can of your customer journey. So they can
understand yeah this particular agent understand yeah this particular agent understand yeah this particular agent
has talked to you about this. You've has talked to you about this. You've has talked to you about this. You've
already discussed this. So they don't already discussed this. So they don't already discussed this. So they don't
have to ask you again. They don't have have to ask you again. They don't have have to ask you again. They don't have
to ask you some of the things that to ask you some of the things that to ask you some of the things that
you've already provided. You've already you've already provided. You've already you've already provided. You've already
provided your email. They don't need to provided your email. They don't need to provided your email. They don't need to
ask you again because you have the full ask you again because you have the full ask you again because you have the full
information. Unlike when you have information. Unlike when you have information. Unlike when you have
contact isolation where and if you're contact isolation where and if you're contact isolation where and if you're
talking if you have contact isolation talking if you have contact isolation talking if you have contact isolation
and you're talking to a new agent and and you're talking to a new agent and and you're talking to a new agent and
that agent needs your email, it will ask that agent needs your email, it will ask that agent needs your email, it will ask
again even though it has been collected again even though it has been collected again even though it has been collected
before, it will ask again and you don't before, it will ask again and you don't before, it will ask again and you don't
want that kind of hassle. So yeah, want that kind of hassle. So yeah, want that kind of hassle. So yeah,
stateful context, but like I said, this stateful context, but like I said, this stateful context, but like I said, this
is something that I see going in both is something that I see going in both is something that I see going in both
columns. Another thing is columns. Another thing is columns. Another thing is
natural conversations, which is kind of natural conversations, which is kind of natural conversations, which is kind of
like a subset of the first one. natural like a subset of the first one. natural like a subset of the first one. natural
conversations conversations conversations
meaning that each agent meaning that each agent meaning that each agent
can talk to the user in natural can talk to the user in natural can talk to the user in natural
language. Each agent can talk to the language. Each agent can talk to the language. Each agent can talk to the
user in natural language and that kind user in natural language and that kind user in natural language and that kind
of helps the user experience. The user of helps the user experience. The user of helps the user experience. The user
feels like they're talking to different feels like they're talking to different feels like they're talking to different
specialist because they get to have specialist because they get to have specialist because they get to have
natural language conversations with each natural language conversations with each natural language conversations with each
specialist. It's not like one guy taking specialist. It's not like one guy taking specialist. It's not like one guy taking
your order and just goes away. And your your order and just goes away. And your your order and just goes away. And your
experience is dependent on how well that experience is dependent on how well that experience is dependent on how well that
person interprets your situation or your person interprets your situation or your person interprets your situation or your
order to the person that is actually order to the person that is actually order to the person that is actually
going to carry it out. So with handoffs, going to carry it out. So with handoffs, going to carry it out. So with handoffs,
you get to talk to the actors directly. you get to talk to the actors directly. you get to talk to the actors directly.
Each actor you get talk to them Each actor you get talk to them Each actor you get talk to them
directly. Another thing is flexible directly. Another thing is flexible directly. Another thing is flexible
navigation. navigation. navigation.
Flexible navigation. Flexible navigation. Flexible navigation.
And what this means is that the handoffs And what this means is that the handoffs And what this means is that the handoffs
can go back and forth as much as can go back and forth as much as can go back and forth as much as
possible. You can go back and forth. You possible. You can go back and forth. You possible. You can go back and forth. You
can go from the general uh support agent can go from the general uh support agent can go from the general uh support agent
to the billing support agent. You can go to the billing support agent. You can go to the billing support agent. You can go
back. Yeah, you can actually go back. back. Yeah, you can actually go back. back. Yeah, you can actually go back.
You can go back to the general support You can go back to the general support You can go back to the general support
agent. You can go to the technical guy agent. You can go to the technical guy agent. You can go to the technical guy
then back to billing then back to then back to billing then back to then back to billing then back to
technical. You can go you can hand off technical. You can go you can hand off technical. You can go you can hand off
as much as you want based on the as much as you want based on the as much as you want based on the
problems you are trying to solve because problems you are trying to solve because problems you are trying to solve because
sometimes you can come and you know when sometimes you can come and you know when sometimes you can come and you know when
you get hold of support you want to you get hold of support you want to you get hold of support you want to
solve as many problems as possible. So solve as many problems as possible. So solve as many problems as possible. So
probably you came because of a probably you came because of a probably you came because of a
particular billing issue but then they particular billing issue but then they particular billing issue but then they
ask you what else can I do for you? ask you what else can I do for you? ask you what else can I do for you?
Yeah, of course you can do a lot for me. Yeah, of course you can do a lot for me. Yeah, of course you can do a lot for me.
You can do this, you can do this and You can do this, you can do this and You can do this, you can do this and
each responsibility can lead to hand off each responsibility can lead to hand off each responsibility can lead to hand off
back and forth between the different back and forth between the different back and forth between the different
agents. So you can go back and forth as agents. So you can go back and forth as agents. So you can go back and forth as
as much as possible and and this this as much as possible and and this this as much as possible and and this this
this is also something that is can be a this is also something that is can be a this is also something that is can be a
problem. But yeah, for now we talking problem. But yeah, for now we talking problem. But yeah, for now we talking
about benefits. So let us stick to that. about benefits. So let us stick to that. about benefits. So let us stick to that.
Another thing is clear responsibilities. Another thing is clear responsibilities. Another thing is clear responsibilities.
Clear responsibilities. Each step is Clear responsibilities. Each step is Clear responsibilities. Each step is
focused on one purpose. Each step is focused on one purpose. Each step is focused on one purpose. Each step is
focused on one purpose which is kind of focused on one purpose which is kind of focused on one purpose which is kind of
like a general benefit of using multi- like a general benefit of using multi- like a general benefit of using multi-
aent systems. Every just focus. There's aent systems. Every just focus. There's aent systems. Every just focus. There's
that focus. That's one thing you get that focus. That's one thing you get that focus. That's one thing you get
from all these patterns. And also easier from all these patterns. And also easier from all these patterns. And also easier
debugging. debugging. debugging.
Easier debugging. This contextual though Easier debugging. This contextual though Easier debugging. This contextual though
easier debugging of state transitions easier debugging of state transitions easier debugging of state transitions
because the state transitions are because the state transitions are because the state transitions are
explicit and traceable. They're very explicit and traceable. They're very explicit and traceable. They're very
explicit and traceable. So yeah, easier explicit and traceable. So yeah, easier explicit and traceable. So yeah, easier
debugging uh not easier debugging of debugging uh not easier debugging of debugging uh not easier debugging of
state itself as we're going to see uh state itself as we're going to see uh state itself as we're going to see uh
later on but yeah easier debugging of later on but yeah easier debugging of later on but yeah easier debugging of
trans you know you know when uh trans you know you know when uh trans you know you know when uh
responsibility was handed off to this responsibility was handed off to this responsibility was handed off to this
particular agent so you know who did particular agent so you know who did particular agent so you know who did
this then you know when the this then you know when the this then you know when the
responsibility was added to this other responsibility was added to this other responsibility was added to this other
agent you can see the back and forth you agent you can see the back and forth you agent you can see the back and forth you
can time travel through the entire can time travel through the entire can time travel through the entire
conversation process. Yeah that's that's conversation process. Yeah that's that's conversation process. Yeah that's that's
something that is going to help when something that is going to help when something that is going to help when
you're trying to debug issues. So those you're trying to debug issues. So those you're trying to debug issues. So those
are your benefits. Now, let us look at are your benefits. Now, let us look at are your benefits. Now, let us look at
some trade-offs. Let's look at some some trade-offs. Let's look at some some trade-offs. Let's look at some
trade-offs. First, trade-offs. First, trade-offs. First,
no parallelism. no parallelism. no parallelism.
No parallelism. There's no way you can No parallelism. There's no way you can No parallelism. There's no way you can
get parallelism to work in this pattern. get parallelism to work in this pattern. get parallelism to work in this pattern.
You can't do it. Only one agent is You can't do it. Only one agent is You can't do it. Only one agent is
active at a time. Only one agent is active at a time. Only one agent is active at a time. Only one agent is
active at a time. Now, if you want to, active at a time. Now, if you want to, active at a time. Now, if you want to,
you know, get really complex, each of you know, get really complex, each of you know, get really complex, each of
these agents can be can use a sub agent these agents can be can use a sub agent these agents can be can use a sub agent
pattern. Yeah, you can actually embed pattern. Yeah, you can actually embed pattern. Yeah, you can actually embed
these patterns into each other. Each of these patterns into each other. Each of these patterns into each other. Each of
the agents that are being interacted the agents that are being interacted the agents that are being interacted
with can actually be using the sub aent with can actually be using the sub aent with can actually be using the sub aent
pattern. So each of them can be a multi- pattern. So each of them can be a multi- pattern. So each of them can be a multi-
aent system themselves. So you have a aent system themselves. So you have a aent system themselves. So you have a
multi- aent system inside a multi- aent multi- aent system inside a multi- aent multi- aent system inside a multi- aent
system. So each of them can be a multi- system. So each of them can be a multi- system. So each of them can be a multi-
aent system because they might need to aent system because they might need to aent system because they might need to
call sub aents to take care of stuff. call sub aents to take care of stuff. call sub aents to take care of stuff.
For example, technical guys might need For example, technical guys might need For example, technical guys might need
to call the server guys. If it's a to call the server guys. If it's a to call the server guys. If it's a
server issue, they might need to call server issue, they might need to call server issue, they might need to call
the code guys, the developers for a code the code guys, the developers for a code the code guys, the developers for a code
issue. They might need to call the issue. They might need to call the issue. They might need to call the
DevOps guys for CI issues and stuff like DevOps guys for CI issues and stuff like DevOps guys for CI issues and stuff like
that. So yeah, you can actually embed that. So yeah, you can actually embed that. So yeah, you can actually embed
patterns inside patterns. Uh so you can patterns inside patterns. Uh so you can patterns inside patterns. Uh so you can
get some some sort of parallelism inside get some some sort of parallelism inside get some some sort of parallelism inside
that. Even you can embed a router that. Even you can embed a router that. Even you can embed a router
pattern inside that we're going to be pattern inside that we're going to be pattern inside that we're going to be
looking at later. You can embed a router looking at later. You can embed a router looking at later. You can embed a router
pattern inside that can do some things pattern inside that can do some things pattern inside that can do some things
in parallel. But just at on the flat in parallel. But just at on the flat in parallel. But just at on the flat
level, there's no parallelism in in in level, there's no parallelism in in in level, there's no parallelism in in in
handoffs. In handoffs, you are talking handoffs. In handoffs, you are talking handoffs. In handoffs, you are talking
to one agent at a time. Whether the to one agent at a time. Whether the to one agent at a time. Whether the
agent is a multi- aent system on its agent is a multi- aent system on its agent is a multi- aent system on its
own, that is up to you to know how own, that is up to you to know how own, that is up to you to know how
complex you want your system to get. But complex you want your system to get. But complex you want your system to get. But
you are talking to one agent at a time. you are talking to one agent at a time. you are talking to one agent at a time.
there's no parallelism. The second thing there's no parallelism. The second thing there's no parallelism. The second thing
is sequential latency. is sequential latency. is sequential latency.
Sequential latency. Sequential latency. Sequential latency.
And what this means is that one step And what this means is that one step And what this means is that one step
must be done before another step. Yeah. must be done before another step. Yeah. must be done before another step. Yeah.
One step must be done before another One step must be done before another One step must be done before another
step. That's why you can enforce uh you step. That's why you can enforce uh you step. That's why you can enforce uh you
can have sequential enforcement. One can have sequential enforcement. One can have sequential enforcement. One
step has to be done before another step step has to be done before another step step has to be done before another step
is also the whole no parallelism thing. is also the whole no parallelism thing. is also the whole no parallelism thing.
So you have to face the latency that So you have to face the latency that So you have to face the latency that
comes with sequential processes. There's comes with sequential processes. There's comes with sequential processes. There's
nothing that is going to be nothing that is going to be nothing that is going to be
asynchronous. Everything is all going to asynchronous. Everything is all going to asynchronous. Everything is all going to
be done synchronously. So that's another be done synchronously. So that's another be done synchronously. So that's another
thing. Another trade-off is that there thing. Another trade-off is that there thing. Another trade-off is that there
will be will be will be
context accumulation. context accumulation. context accumulation.
There will be context accumulation. There will be context accumulation. There will be context accumulation.
So the context is going to continue to So the context is going to continue to So the context is going to continue to
build up. It's going to going to build build up. It's going to going to build build up. It's going to going to build
up because each agent is taking the up because each agent is taking the up because each agent is taking the
whole context. So every time you are whole context. So every time you are whole context. So every time you are
stuffing the entire conversation history stuffing the entire conversation history stuffing the entire conversation history
into each agent's context window. Every into each agent's context window. Every into each agent's context window. Every
time you need to hand off or anytime you time you need to hand off or anytime you time you need to hand off or anytime you
hand off to a particular agent, you are hand off to a particular agent, you are hand off to a particular agent, you are
stuffing the entire conversation history stuffing the entire conversation history stuffing the entire conversation history
into that particular agent. So yeah, into that particular agent. So yeah, into that particular agent. So yeah,
that is going to be a lot of bloat. that is going to be a lot of bloat. that is going to be a lot of bloat.
So you have to find a way to manage So you have to find a way to manage So you have to find a way to manage
this. You can use summarization this. You can use summarization this. You can use summarization
techniques. There's a way there are ways techniques. There's a way there are ways techniques. There's a way there are ways
you can do map reduce techniques or some you can do map reduce techniques or some you can do map reduce techniques or some
summarization techniques that lang graph summarization techniques that lang graph summarization techniques that lang graph
offers to be able to compress the memory offers to be able to compress the memory offers to be able to compress the memory
in a way that it still remembers but the in a way that it still remembers but the in a way that it still remembers but the
token size the token amount is not as token size the token amount is not as token size the token amount is not as
much as feeding in the whole thing. So much as feeding in the whole thing. So much as feeding in the whole thing. So
that's another trade-off that you have that's another trade-off that you have that's another trade-off that you have
to be aware of. to be aware of. to be aware of.
Another thing is the handoff overhead. Another thing is the handoff overhead. Another thing is the handoff overhead.
The handoff overhead The handoff overhead The handoff overhead
everything requires a ton. Every everything requires a ton. Every everything requires a ton. Every
transfer requires a ton. Every transfer transfer requires a ton. Every transfer transfer requires a ton. Every transfer
requires a turn because for you to requires a turn because for you to requires a turn because for you to
actually see the impact of the transfer, actually see the impact of the transfer, actually see the impact of the transfer,
you have to prompt the system. You have you have to prompt the system. You have you have to prompt the system. You have
to prompt the system. That's when the to prompt the system. That's when the to prompt the system. That's when the
system will say, "Oh yeah, I am now the system will say, "Oh yeah, I am now the system will say, "Oh yeah, I am now the
billing agent so you can talk to me billing agent so you can talk to me billing agent so you can talk to me
about billing issues." When the transfer about billing issues." When the transfer about billing issues." When the transfer
is done, it will just tell you that is done, it will just tell you that is done, it will just tell you that
yeah, you have been transferred. It's yeah, you have been transferred. It's yeah, you have been transferred. It's
not like that agent is going to not like that agent is going to not like that agent is going to
automatically start taking up the No, automatically start taking up the No, automatically start taking up the No,
you have to actually tell it your issue. you have to actually tell it your issue. you have to actually tell it your issue.
Then it will then, yeah, I am the I am Then it will then, yeah, I am the I am Then it will then, yeah, I am the I am
the uh technical agent now. I'm the one the uh technical agent now. I'm the one the uh technical agent now. I'm the one
in charge of your case so I can do what in charge of your case so I can do what in charge of your case so I can do what
you just asked me to do. So there's that you just asked me to do. So there's that you just asked me to do. So there's that
part too. Also you are going to face part too. Also you are going to face part too. Also you are going to face
complexity complexity complexity
complexity complexity complexity
due to due to due to
due to nonlinear workflows. due to nonlinear workflows. due to nonlinear workflows.
You're going to face complexity due to You're going to face complexity due to You're going to face complexity due to
nonlinear workflows. Yeah. All those nonlinear workflows. Yeah. All those nonlinear workflows. Yeah. All those
back and forths is is going to be a lot back and forths is is going to be a lot back and forths is is going to be a lot
of complex states to manage. That's why of complex states to manage. That's why of complex states to manage. That's why
I told you that this um whole flexible I told you that this um whole flexible I told you that this um whole flexible
navigation and all that. Yeah, it it it navigation and all that. Yeah, it it it navigation and all that. Yeah, it it it
comes with it own baggage. So when it comes with it own baggage. So when it comes with it own baggage. So when it
comes to debugging, when it comes to comes to debugging, when it comes to comes to debugging, when it comes to
managing state, when it comes to all the managing state, when it comes to all the managing state, when it comes to all the
going back and forth, you have to manage going back and forth, you have to manage going back and forth, you have to manage
all that. You have to you know that that all that. You have to you know that that all that. You have to you know that that
complexity is coming and you have to complexity is coming and you have to complexity is coming and you have to
know how to properly interpret your know how to properly interpret your know how to properly interpret your
state. So you're aware of that. The hand state. So you're aware of that. The hand state. So you're aware of that. The hand
of uh pattern is basically a state of uh pattern is basically a state of uh pattern is basically a state
machine. So there's going to be a lot of machine. So there's going to be a lot of machine. So there's going to be a lot of
state management complexity. Lastly, state management complexity. Lastly, state management complexity. Lastly,
user experience. user experience. user experience.
User experience. User experience. User experience.
And why I put this here is because the And why I put this here is because the And why I put this here is because the
users will notice all these transfers. users will notice all these transfers. users will notice all these transfers.
They will notice all the transfers and They will notice all the transfers and They will notice all the transfers and
it just feels like you're just hopping it just feels like you're just hopping it just feels like you're just hopping
them back and forth. Like can't you just them back and forth. Like can't you just them back and forth. Like can't you just
do the whole thing? Aren't you like an do the whole thing? Aren't you like an do the whole thing? Aren't you like an
agent just get everything done? What's agent just get everything done? What's agent just get everything done? What's
all this? Transfer me to the billing all this? Transfer me to the billing all this? Transfer me to the billing
department. Transfer me to uh technical. department. Transfer me to uh technical. department. Transfer me to uh technical.
Transfer me to this. It kind of feels Transfer me to this. It kind of feels Transfer me to this. It kind of feels
bureaucratic. So, uh they they it can it bureaucratic. So, uh they they it can it bureaucratic. So, uh they they it can it
can have its own like um downsides when can have its own like um downsides when can have its own like um downsides when
it comes to user experience. Some some it comes to user experience. Some some it comes to user experience. Some some
will not care. A bunch of guys will not will not care. A bunch of guys will not will not care. A bunch of guys will not
care, but some some will care. Some will care, but some some will care. Some will care, but some some will care. Some will
care. So, that that's just something to care. So, that that's just something to care. So, that that's just something to
be aware of. So, yeah, those are the be aware of. So, yeah, those are the be aware of. So, yeah, those are the
benefits and trade-offs we're going to benefits and trade-offs we're going to benefits and trade-offs we're going to
be discussing. Let us wrap things off be discussing. Let us wrap things off be discussing. Let us wrap things off
by discussing use cases. Let me get all by discussing use cases. Let me get all by discussing use cases. Let me get all
this this this
minimize this trade-offs. Let's wrap up minimize this trade-offs. Let's wrap up minimize this trade-offs. Let's wrap up
by discussing use cases. What are the example use cases that this What are the example use cases that this
pattern fits like a glove? The first use case as we have seen The first use case as we have seen
clearly and we have spoken a lot about clearly and we have spoken a lot about clearly and we have spoken a lot about
is customer support. I will now transfer you to marketing. I I will now transfer you to marketing. I
will now transfer you to billing. Yeah, will now transfer you to billing. Yeah, will now transfer you to billing. Yeah,
customer support is uh a very common use customer support is uh a very common use customer support is uh a very common use
case. Natural transfer between case. Natural transfer between case. Natural transfer between
departments work seamlessly. departments work seamlessly. departments work seamlessly.
Second, Second, Second,
when you have multi-step forms, when you have multi-step forms, users when you have multi-step forms, users
don't like filling long forms, so you don't like filling long forms, so you don't like filling long forms, so you
want to break them down. Uh so let's say want to break them down. Uh so let's say want to break them down. Uh so let's say
the first agent is collecting general the first agent is collecting general the first agent is collecting general
information. Then to collect information. Then to collect information. Then to collect
information, it also has the ability to information, it also has the ability to information, it also has the ability to
validate it. Because of this pattern, validate it. Because of this pattern, validate it. Because of this pattern,
you can also validate it. Then it moves you can also validate it. Then it moves you can also validate it. Then it moves
you to the next section, contact you to the next section, contact you to the next section, contact
information. Then that's another agent information. Then that's another agent information. Then that's another agent
collecting contact information. Then collecting contact information. Then collecting contact information. Then
moves you to another one, uh, job moves you to another one, uh, job moves you to another one, uh, job
experience agent, collecting your job experience agent, collecting your job experience agent, collecting your job
history, job information, and portfolio history, job information, and portfolio history, job information, and portfolio
and all that. So yeah, multi-step forms and all that. So yeah, multi-step forms and all that. So yeah, multi-step forms
are another strong use case. Similar to are another strong use case. Similar to are another strong use case. Similar to
that are also onboarding that are also onboarding that are also onboarding
flows. flows. flows.
Onboarding flows, you want to onboard a Onboarding flows, you want to onboard a Onboarding flows, you want to onboard a
new user. Perfect system to use. It will new user. Perfect system to use. It will new user. Perfect system to use. It will
guide user through steps and they most guide user through steps and they most guide user through steps and they most
likely will even know that you're likely will even know that you're likely will even know that you're
talking to different agents. So, it talking to different agents. So, it talking to different agents. So, it
helps you to kind of organize everything helps you to kind of organize everything helps you to kind of organize everything
into steps and it helps different agents into steps and it helps different agents into steps and it helps different agents
to be focused on each step. Another one to be focused on each step. Another one to be focused on each step. Another one
which you may have seen is approval which you may have seen is approval which you may have seen is approval
workflows. Approval workflows. workflows. Approval workflows. workflows. Approval workflows.
So for each step you do one thing So for each step you do one thing So for each step you do one thing
there's an approval step then if it's there's an approval step then if it's there's an approval step then if it's
good it will hand you off to the next good it will hand you off to the next good it will hand you off to the next
step do another thing there's an step do another thing there's an step do another thing there's an
approval step it's approved move on to approval step it's approved move on to approval step it's approved move on to
the next step and all that interview the next step and all that interview the next step and all that interview
bots bots bots
I know uh people are divided on what I know uh people are divided on what I know uh people are divided on what
they feel about interview bots but yeah they feel about interview bots but yeah they feel about interview bots but yeah
that's some something you can also use that's some something you can also use that's some something you can also use
it to to implement u I don't think it to to implement u I don't think it to to implement u I don't think
anybody's going to be uh I don't think anybody's going to be uh I don't think anybody's going to be uh I don't think
people really complain about interview people really complain about interview people really complain about interview
bot If it's if you if it's true chat, if bot If it's if you if it's true chat, if bot If it's if you if it's true chat, if
it's true chat, yeah, everybody it's true chat, yeah, everybody it's true chat, yeah, everybody
understands that you can use that. But I understands that you can use that. But I understands that you can use that. But I
think the one that people have most think the one that people have most think the one that people have most
problem about is the visual ones. The problem about is the visual ones. The problem about is the visual ones. The
one that's actually use a bot to one that's actually use a bot to one that's actually use a bot to
interview you uh with voice and speech interview you uh with voice and speech interview you uh with voice and speech
and sometimes weirdly video. So yeah, and sometimes weirdly video. So yeah, and sometimes weirdly video. So yeah,
interview bots where you have different interview bots where you have different interview bots where you have different
topics requiring different expertise. topics requiring different expertise. topics requiring different expertise.
For example, uh let's say the first bot For example, uh let's say the first bot For example, uh let's say the first bot
just asks you about uh just tries to just asks you about uh just tries to just asks you about uh just tries to
know you, get your general information. know you, get your general information. know you, get your general information.
Then the second bot is the technical bot Then the second bot is the technical bot Then the second bot is the technical bot
that gives you like technical questions that gives you like technical questions that gives you like technical questions
to answer. You get through that. Then to answer. You get through that. Then to answer. You get through that. Then
there's a personality bot that does the there's a personality bot that does the there's a personality bot that does the
whole personality interview and stuff whole personality interview and stuff whole personality interview and stuff
like that. So yeah, that that works too. like that. So yeah, that that works too. like that. So yeah, that that works too.
Lastly Lastly Lastly
on our list is sales funnels. Sales on our list is sales funnels. Sales on our list is sales funnels. Sales
funnels. funnels. funnels.
So you can use So you can use So you can use
uh the hands-off pattern to simulate a uh the hands-off pattern to simulate a uh the hands-off pattern to simulate a
salesunnel where you have qualified salesunnel where you have qualified salesunnel where you have qualified
leads. Then from qualifi qualification leads. Then from qualifi qualification leads. Then from qualifi qualification
you take them into a demo. another agent you take them into a demo. another agent you take them into a demo. another agent
takes care of giving them a demo. And takes care of giving them a demo. And takes care of giving them a demo. And
once everything looks good from the once everything looks good from the once everything looks good from the
demo, there will be another agent that's demo, there will be another agent that's demo, there will be another agent that's
going to be your closer. Yeah, your going to be your closer. Yeah, your going to be your closer. Yeah, your
closer agent. And it's going to try his closer agent. And it's going to try his closer agent. And it's going to try his
best to make sure that he closes the best to make sure that he closes the best to make sure that he closes the
client, he gets the deal, and marks it client, he gets the deal, and marks it client, he gets the deal, and marks it
as a conversion. So, yeah, these are use as a conversion. So, yeah, these are use as a conversion. So, yeah, these are use
cases that you can use this hands off cases that you can use this hands off cases that you can use this hands off
pattern for. And that's the handsoff pattern for. And that's the handsoff pattern for. And that's the handsoff
multi- aent pattern. In this video, we're going to be In this video, we're going to be
discussing another multi- aent design discussing another multi- aent design discussing another multi- aent design
pattern. And that's the skill pattern. pattern. And that's the skill pattern. pattern. And that's the skill pattern.
That's a skills pattern. Skills. Now, That's a skills pattern. Skills. Now, That's a skills pattern. Skills. Now,
ever seen a Swiss Army knife? Yeah. Like ever seen a Swiss Army knife? Yeah. Like ever seen a Swiss Army knife? Yeah. Like
the one you're looking at on the screen. the one you're looking at on the screen. the one you're looking at on the screen.
This is a single tool. A single tool, This is a single tool. A single tool, This is a single tool. A single tool,
but with different implementations. but with different implementations. but with different implementations.
Different implementations. Different implementations. Different implementations.
They all cut, but you can pull out any They all cut, but you can pull out any They all cut, but you can pull out any
one of them based on what you want to one of them based on what you want to one of them based on what you want to
cut. This is scissors like this. Looks cut. This is scissors like this. Looks cut. This is scissors like this. Looks
like something with this is something like something with this is something like something with this is something
with a jagged teeth. So any saw like with a jagged teeth. So any saw like with a jagged teeth. So any saw like
requirements. This is a perfect knife. requirements. This is a perfect knife. requirements. This is a perfect knife.
This looks like a knife that can get This looks like a knife that can get This looks like a knife that can get
into corners and make like deep cuts. into corners and make like deep cuts. into corners and make like deep cuts.
This just looks like it can file nails This just looks like it can file nails This just looks like it can file nails
and stuff stuff like that. So is a and stuff stuff like that. So is a and stuff stuff like that. So is a
single tool a knife even has a single tool a knife even has a single tool a knife even has a
screwdriver here and another type of screwdriver here and another type of screwdriver here and another type of
knife implementation here. A single tool knife implementation here. A single tool knife implementation here. A single tool
with different skills just like if you with different skills just like if you with different skills just like if you
have a fighter uh their main have a fighter uh their main have a fighter uh their main
responsibility is to fight but they can responsibility is to fight but they can responsibility is to fight but they can
punch they can kick they can probably punch they can kick they can probably punch they can kick they can probably
like do a headbutt do some acrobatics like do a headbutt do some acrobatics like do a headbutt do some acrobatics
and stuff like that. Those are their and stuff like that. Those are their and stuff like that. Those are their
skills and that's what the skills multi- skills and that's what the skills multi- skills and that's what the skills multi-
aent pattern is all about is a multi- aent pattern is all about is a multi- aent pattern is all about is a multi-
aent architecture where a single agent aent architecture where a single agent aent architecture where a single agent
note a single agent is multi is a multi- note a single agent is multi is a multi- note a single agent is multi is a multi-
aent architecture but uses a single aent architecture but uses a single aent architecture but uses a single
agent a single agent dynamically loads agent a single agent dynamically loads agent a single agent dynamically loads
specialized instructions and tools based specialized instructions and tools based specialized instructions and tools based
on what the task at hand is about. Now on what the task at hand is about. Now on what the task at hand is about. Now
you might want to ask uh isn't this like you might want to ask uh isn't this like you might want to ask uh isn't this like
the hands-off pattern we did with the the hands-off pattern we did with the the hands-off pattern we did with the
fancy create agent uh model that we were fancy create agent uh model that we were fancy create agent uh model that we were
swapping prompts and tools? Isn't that swapping prompts and tools? Isn't that swapping prompts and tools? Isn't that
the same in a way? But a skills pattern the same in a way? But a skills pattern the same in a way? But a skills pattern
is not trying to do some sort of is not trying to do some sort of is not trying to do some sort of
sequential stuff. It's just performing a sequential stuff. It's just performing a sequential stuff. It's just performing a
single task and finishing it. There's single task and finishing it. There's single task and finishing it. There's
nothing like hand off. You require you nothing like hand off. You require you nothing like hand off. You require you
ask you ask for one thing, it loads the ask you ask for one thing, it loads the ask you ask for one thing, it loads the
skills for that thing, does it and it's skills for that thing, does it and it's skills for that thing, does it and it's
done. You ask for another thing, loads done. You ask for another thing, loads done. You ask for another thing, loads
the skill to perform that thing and it's the skill to perform that thing and it's the skill to perform that thing and it's
done. done. done.
So instead of having multiple separate So instead of having multiple separate So instead of having multiple separate
agents, you have this one agent. I would agents, you have this one agent. I would agents, you have this one agent. I would
call it a GI Joe. You have this one call it a GI Joe. You have this one call it a GI Joe. You have this one
agent and that agent can unlock agent and that agent can unlock agent and that agent can unlock
different capabilities. Just like a different capabilities. Just like a different capabilities. Just like a
fighter, if you needed to kick, he fighter, if you needed to kick, he fighter, if you needed to kick, he
kicks. If he needs to kick, he will kicks. If he needs to kick, he will kicks. If he needs to kick, he will
kick. If he needs to punch, he will kick. If he needs to punch, he will kick. If he needs to punch, he will
punch and all sort of stuff. So that is punch and all sort of stuff. So that is punch and all sort of stuff. So that is
what the skills pattern is all about. what the skills pattern is all about. what the skills pattern is all about.
But let us look at an analogy that is But let us look at an analogy that is But let us look at an analogy that is
closer to something we can implement. closer to something we can implement. closer to something we can implement.
Let's put our Swiss knife on one side. Let's put our Swiss knife on one side. Let's put our Swiss knife on one side.
And let's say you have a skilled And let's say you have a skilled And let's say you have a skilled
contractor. You hire a skilled contractor. You hire a skilled contractor. You hire a skilled
contractor, a general contractor to contractor, a general contractor to contractor, a general contractor to
renovate your house. Yeah, back to the renovate your house. Yeah, back to the renovate your house. Yeah, back to the
renovation uh analogy. So, you hire this renovation uh analogy. So, you hire this renovation uh analogy. So, you hire this
general contractor to renovate your general contractor to renovate your general contractor to renovate your
house. Now, this contractor, Frank, I house. Now, this contractor, Frank, I house. Now, this contractor, Frank, I
said this Frank. Let's get Frank on the said this Frank. Let's get Frank on the said this Frank. Let's get Frank on the
screen. So, here is Frank, who is a screen. So, here is Frank, who is a screen. So, here is Frank, who is a
general contractor. And Frank is general contractor. And Frank is general contractor. And Frank is
multi-talented. Frank went to technical multi-talented. Frank went to technical multi-talented. Frank went to technical
school. He knows plumbing. He knows school. He knows plumbing. He knows school. He knows plumbing. He knows
electrical work. He knows how to fix electrical work. He knows how to fix electrical work. He knows how to fix
floors. He knows upholstery. even knows floors. He knows upholstery. even knows floors. He knows upholstery. even knows
how to do pop. So you have Frank how to do pop. So you have Frank how to do pop. So you have Frank
multi-killed. This is Frank's knowledge multi-killed. This is Frank's knowledge multi-killed. This is Frank's knowledge
base. This is Frank's knowledge base or base. This is Frank's knowledge base or base. This is Frank's knowledge base or
let's say this is Frank's skill set. let's say this is Frank's skill set. let's say this is Frank's skill set.
These are all the skill set he got from These are all the skill set he got from These are all the skill set he got from
school. school. school.
He has plumbing knowledge. He has He has plumbing knowledge. He has He has plumbing knowledge. He has
plumbing skills rather. Frank can also plumbing skills rather. Frank can also plumbing skills rather. Frank can also
do electrical work. Frank also knows upholstery. So if you Frank also knows upholstery. So if you
need to fix your chairs, if you need to need to fix your chairs, if you need to need to fix your chairs, if you need to
fix the material on your chairs, yeah, fix the material on your chairs, yeah, fix the material on your chairs, yeah,
you can do that. So Frank has all these you can do that. So Frank has all these you can do that. So Frank has all these
skills, plumbing, electricals skills, plumbing, electricals skills, plumbing, electricals
upholstery. Frank is so good. Or let's upholstery. Frank is so good. Or let's upholstery. Frank is so good. Or let's
even call this generally carpentry. even call this generally carpentry. even call this generally carpentry.
Carpentry. Uh carentry. Carpentry. Uh carentry. Carpentry. Uh carentry.
So these are Frank's So these are Frank's So these are Frank's
skills. All these are Frank's skills. skills. All these are Frank's skills. skills. All these are Frank's skills.
So, you bring Frank to your house and So, you bring Frank to your house and So, you bring Frank to your house and
you tell Frank, "Yeah, I need to fix you tell Frank, "Yeah, I need to fix you tell Frank, "Yeah, I need to fix
some of the broken sockets in my house. some of the broken sockets in my house. some of the broken sockets in my house.
I need to fix some of the broken I need to fix some of the broken I need to fix some of the broken
sockets. I need to replace the power box sockets. I need to replace the power box sockets. I need to replace the power box
and I need to also install some lights and I need to also install some lights and I need to also install some lights
outside." So, what does Frank do? So, outside." So, what does Frank do? So, outside." So, what does Frank do? So,
this is you. This is you, the user, this is you. This is you, the user, this is you. This is you, the user,
or the client telling Frank that you or the client telling Frank that you or the client telling Frank that you
need to do all those stuff. You need to need to do all those stuff. You need to need to do all those stuff. You need to
replace the power box. You need to fix replace the power box. You need to fix replace the power box. You need to fix
some broken switches and you need to some broken switches and you need to some broken switches and you need to
install lights outside. So what does install lights outside. So what does install lights outside. So what does
Frank do after hearing those Frank do after hearing those Frank do after hearing those
instructions? Frank is simply going to instructions? Frank is simply going to instructions? Frank is simply going to
load in his electrical skills. load in his electrical skills. load in his electrical skills.
Frank is going to load in his electrical Frank is going to load in his electrical Frank is going to load in his electrical
skills. He's going to load them into skills. He's going to load them into skills. He's going to load them into
memory and satisfy your query. He's memory and satisfy your query. He's memory and satisfy your query. He's
going to get to work and he's going to going to get to work and he's going to going to get to work and he's going to
do all that electrical work. Going to do do all that electrical work. Going to do do all that electrical work. Going to do
all that electrical work. all that electrical work. all that electrical work.
Then once he's done, he gives you a Then once he's done, he gives you a Then once he's done, he gives you a
response. It's done and you satisfy response. It's done and you satisfy response. It's done and you satisfy
everything. Everything looks fine. You everything. Everything looks fine. You everything. Everything looks fine. You
ask your back and forth questions. He ask your back and forth questions. He ask your back and forth questions. He
makes his fixes and all that. All good. makes his fixes and all that. All good. makes his fixes and all that. All good.
Then you tell him that you need some Then you tell him that you need some Then you tell him that you need some
plumbing done. You need some plumbing plumbing done. You need some plumbing plumbing done. You need some plumbing
done. So what does Frank do? done. So what does Frank do? done. So what does Frank do?
Frank immediately unloads the electrical skill, pick up unloads the electrical skill, pick up
the plum plumbing skill, and he loads it the plum plumbing skill, and he loads it the plum plumbing skill, and he loads it
into memory. into memory. into memory.
And then you guys can have a And then you guys can have a And then you guys can have a
conversation about everything you want conversation about everything you want conversation about everything you want
to do and he's simply going to satisfy to do and he's simply going to satisfy to do and he's simply going to satisfy
those requests and it goes on and on. those requests and it goes on and on. those requests and it goes on and on.
The same thing for the car for carpentry The same thing for the car for carpentry The same thing for the car for carpentry
stuff or for stuff you want to fix your stuff or for stuff you want to fix your stuff or for stuff you want to fix your
floors and all that. Even if you need to floors and all that. Even if you need to floors and all that. Even if you need to
go back to electrical stuff, he will go back to electrical stuff, he will go back to electrical stuff, he will
load in electrical his electrical load in electrical his electrical load in electrical his electrical
knowledge and satisfy those things. Then knowledge and satisfy those things. Then knowledge and satisfy those things. Then
you need some plumbing done again, it's you need some plumbing done again, it's you need some plumbing done again, it's
going to load his plumbing knowledge and going to load his plumbing knowledge and going to load his plumbing knowledge and
satisfy those things. So he will be satisfy those things. So he will be satisfy those things. So he will be
loading the skills on an as needed loading the skills on an as needed loading the skills on an as needed
basis. Frank will be loading the skills basis. Frank will be loading the skills basis. Frank will be loading the skills
on an as needed basis. The same person on an as needed basis. The same person on an as needed basis. The same person
just accessing different expertise as just accessing different expertise as just accessing different expertise as
needed. That's how skills work. That's needed. That's how skills work. That's needed. That's how skills work. That's
how the skills pattern works. One agent, how the skills pattern works. One agent, how the skills pattern works. One agent,
multiple skill sets loaded on demand. multiple skill sets loaded on demand. multiple skill sets loaded on demand.
But how does this work in terms of But how does this work in terms of But how does this work in terms of
implementation? How how does this work implementation? How how does this work implementation? How how does this work
in the land graph context? So, first in the land graph context? So, first in the land graph context? So, first
your agent is going to have some base your agent is going to have some base your agent is going to have some base
skills and the base skills are basically skills and the base skills are basically skills and the base skills are basically
going to be basic instructions. Probably going to be basic instructions. Probably going to be basic instructions. Probably
Frank just has instructions, basic Frank just has instructions, basic Frank just has instructions, basic
instructions about uh the structure of a instructions about uh the structure of a instructions about uh the structure of a
house, how everything fits together. It house, how everything fits together. It house, how everything fits together. It
just has those basic instructions. So, just has those basic instructions. So, just has those basic instructions. So,
there's a base instruction that comes there's a base instruction that comes there's a base instruction that comes
with the agent and also a skill with the agent and also a skill with the agent and also a skill
discovery tool. A skill discovery tool. discovery tool. A skill discovery tool. discovery tool. A skill discovery tool.
So what I'm going to do now is that I'm So what I'm going to do now is that I'm So what I'm going to do now is that I'm
just going to extend this and let's put just going to extend this and let's put just going to extend this and let's put
another another another
box here. It's going to be transparent box here. It's going to be transparent box here. It's going to be transparent
and this will be a skill discovery and this will be a skill discovery and this will be a skill discovery
tool. Skill discovery tool. tool. Skill discovery tool. tool. Skill discovery tool.
So it comes with base instructions just So it comes with base instructions just So it comes with base instructions just
basic understanding. Then it comes with basic understanding. Then it comes with basic understanding. Then it comes with
a skills discovery tool. Let's call it a skills discovery tool. Let's call it a skills discovery tool. Let's call it
skills discovery tool. Yeah, skills skills discovery tool. Yeah, skills skills discovery tool. Yeah, skills
discovery tool. comes with a skills discovery tool. comes with a skills discovery tool. comes with a skills
discovery tool. discovery tool. discovery tool.
It comes with that. So a user then makes It comes with that. So a user then makes It comes with that. So a user then makes
a request. User makes a request. So the a request. User makes a request. So the a request. User makes a request. So the
agent with his understanding agent with his understanding agent with his understanding
is going to call the skills discovery is going to call the skills discovery is going to call the skills discovery
tool. It's going to take the user's tool. It's going to take the user's tool. It's going to take the user's
instructions use his base instructions instructions use his base instructions instructions use his base instructions
and the skill discovery tool to get all and the skill discovery tool to get all and the skill discovery tool to get all
the skills. Use get all the skills. It the skills. Use get all the skills. It the skills. Use get all the skills. It
then identifies which skill is relevant then identifies which skill is relevant then identifies which skill is relevant
to the user's request. Let's say to the user's request. Let's say to the user's request. Let's say
plumbing. Which skill is relevant to the plumbing. Which skill is relevant to the plumbing. Which skill is relevant to the
user's request? Oh, it's plumbing. It user's request? Oh, it's plumbing. It user's request? Oh, it's plumbing. It
then uses a function, let's say like a then uses a function, let's say like a then uses a function, let's say like a
use skill function to load in that use skill function to load in that use skill function to load in that
plumbing skill. It loads in that plumbing skill. It loads in that plumbing skill. It loads in that
plumbing skill and it also loads in plumbing skill and it also loads in plumbing skill and it also loads in
instructions because these skill sets, instructions because these skill sets, instructions because these skill sets,
they're basically composed, as we're they're basically composed, as we're they're basically composed, as we're
going to see later, they're basically going to see later, they're basically going to see later, they're basically
composed of instructions and tools. So, composed of instructions and tools. So, composed of instructions and tools. So,
it loads in it loads in it loads in
instructions and tools and other context instructions and tools and other context instructions and tools and other context
retrieve data and all that for that retrieve data and all that for that retrieve data and all that for that
particular skill. It loads it in. He particular skill. It loads it in. He particular skill. It loads it in. He
loads it in and they injected into loads it in and they injected into loads it in and they injected into
context. The agent then takes the skill, context. The agent then takes the skill, context. The agent then takes the skill,
use it to fulfill the query used to use it to fulfill the query used to use it to fulfill the query used to
fulfill the query and the skills will fulfill the query and the skills will fulfill the query and the skills will
remain loaded for follow-up remain loaded for follow-up remain loaded for follow-up
instructions. If the user needs to see instructions. If the user needs to see instructions. If the user needs to see
any other thing, oh uh why is this power any other thing, oh uh why is this power any other thing, oh uh why is this power
box here? Have you replaced all the box here? Have you replaced all the box here? Have you replaced all the
fuse? There seems to be a broken fuse? There seems to be a broken fuse? There seems to be a broken
connection here. This switch is not connection here. This switch is not connection here. This switch is not
working properly. It just maintains it. working properly. It just maintains it. working properly. It just maintains it.
It maintains the skill for follow-up It maintains the skill for follow-up It maintains the skill for follow-up
questions. And later on for other questions. And later on for other questions. And later on for other
subsequent queries, you can always subsequent queries, you can always subsequent queries, you can always
unload the skill and inject new skills unload the skill and inject new skills unload the skill and inject new skills
based on subsequent specialized tasks based on subsequent specialized tasks based on subsequent specialized tasks
that the user wants you to perform. By that the user wants you to perform. By that the user wants you to perform. By
the way, let me get rid of this arrow so the way, let me get rid of this arrow so the way, let me get rid of this arrow so
it's not confusing. So based on it's not confusing. So based on it's not confusing. So based on
subsequent specialized tasks that the subsequent specialized tasks that the subsequent specialized tasks that the
user wants you to perform, new skills user wants you to perform, new skills user wants you to perform, new skills
can be loaded. Let me put some arrows can be loaded. Let me put some arrows can be loaded. Let me put some arrows
here. I'm going to put a direct arrow here. I'm going to put a direct arrow here. I'm going to put a direct arrow
for plumbing. Then let's put a yeah for plumbing. Then let's put a yeah for plumbing. Then let's put a yeah
let's put a dashed arrow for others so let's put a dashed arrow for others so let's put a dashed arrow for others so
we can show that yeah this can also be we can show that yeah this can also be we can show that yeah this can also be
loaded in. So yeah this basically how loaded in. So yeah this basically how loaded in. So yeah this basically how
the skills pattern works. You load the skills pattern works. You load the skills pattern works. You load
skills on demand. Now before we see some skills on demand. Now before we see some skills on demand. Now before we see some
pseudo code to see how the pseudo code to see how the pseudo code to see how the
implementation looks like in lang graph implementation looks like in lang graph implementation looks like in lang graph
let us look at some key characteristics. let us look at some key characteristics. let us look at some key characteristics.
Let's look at some key characteristics. Let's look at some key characteristics. Let's look at some key characteristics.
I'm just going to put the I'm just going to put the I'm just going to put the
characteristics up here. Say characteristics up here. Say characteristics up here. Say
characteristics. characteristics. characteristics.
And the first thing is that this is a And the first thing is that this is a And the first thing is that this is a
single agent. This is a single agent. single agent. This is a single agent. single agent. This is a single agent.
It's a multi- agent system, but it uses It's a multi- agent system, but it uses It's a multi- agent system, but it uses
a single agent because you have a single a single agent because you have a single a single agent because you have a single
agent that shapes shifts. Yeah, a single agent that shapes shifts. Yeah, a single agent that shapes shifts. Yeah, a single
agent that shapes shifts. This is agent that shapes shifts. This is agent that shapes shifts. This is
mistake of X-Men. So a single agent gets mistake of X-Men. So a single agent gets mistake of X-Men. So a single agent gets
to shape shift. It handles everything by to shape shift. It handles everything by to shape shift. It handles everything by
loading skills on demand. And I think loading skills on demand. And I think loading skills on demand. And I think
the entropic team mentioned that that's the entropic team mentioned that that's the entropic team mentioned that that's
how claude code works. That's how claude how claude code works. That's how claude how claude code works. That's how claude
code works. And that's why you can also code works. And that's why you can also code works. And that's why you can also
write skills and feed it into cloud code write skills and feed it into cloud code write skills and feed it into cloud code
and even most of these other aentic and even most of these other aentic and even most of these other aentic
tools nowadays open code and the rest I tools nowadays open code and the rest I tools nowadays open code and the rest I
was tinkering around open code the other was tinkering around open code the other was tinkering around open code the other
day they all have skills. Yeah, you can day they all have skills. Yeah, you can day they all have skills. Yeah, you can
load skills and give the agent load skills and give the agent load skills and give the agent
capabilities on demand. So single agent capabilities on demand. So single agent capabilities on demand. So single agent
that's first thing one agent handles that's first thing one agent handles that's first thing one agent handles
everything on demand loading we talked everything on demand loading we talked everything on demand loading we talked
about that skills are loaded on demand about that skills are loaded on demand about that skills are loaded on demand
also additive context. Additive context also additive context. Additive context also additive context. Additive context
like I said the agent comes with a base like I said the agent comes with a base like I said the agent comes with a base
set of instructions and a skill set of instructions and a skill set of instructions and a skill
discovery tool then you can add on to discovery tool then you can add on to discovery tool then you can add on to
that you can use that to know the tool that you can use that to know the tool that you can use that to know the tool
to load load the tool so that adds to to load load the tool so that adds to to load load the tool so that adds to
the context of the agent so additive the context of the agent so additive the context of the agent so additive
context skills add to they don't replace context skills add to they don't replace context skills add to they don't replace
they add to the base instructions other they add to the base instructions other they add to the base instructions other
thing is that you need a tool discovery thing is that you need a tool discovery thing is that you need a tool discovery
system there has to be a tool discovery system there has to be a tool discovery system there has to be a tool discovery
system or more specifically let us say system or more specifically let us say system or more specifically let us say
skills discovery system skills discovery skills discovery system skills discovery skills discovery system skills discovery
system So the agent has to be able to system So the agent has to be able to system So the agent has to be able to
discover available skills and select the discover available skills and select the discover available skills and select the
appropriate ones. That's what this tool appropriate ones. That's what this tool appropriate ones. That's what this tool
is meant for. It has to be able to is meant for. It has to be able to is meant for. It has to be able to
select the appropriate skill for the job select the appropriate skill for the job select the appropriate skill for the job
and also know which skills are and also know which skills are and also know which skills are
available. Also there is weak isolation available. Also there is weak isolation available. Also there is weak isolation
because context is going to be added up. because context is going to be added up. because context is going to be added up.
All skills are going to share the same All skills are going to share the same All skills are going to share the same
context window. So you really don't get context window. So you really don't get context window. So you really don't get
that uh clean isolation that uh patterns that uh clean isolation that uh patterns that uh clean isolation that uh patterns
like sub agents have. One good thing is like sub agents have. One good thing is like sub agents have. One good thing is
that you have low overhead that you have low overhead that you have low overhead
in terms of communication. Low in terms of communication. Low in terms of communication. Low
communication overhead. You have low communication overhead. You have low communication overhead. You have low
overhead. So you don't have multi- aent overhead. So you don't have multi- aent overhead. So you don't have multi- aent
systems talking to each other. You don't systems talking to each other. You don't systems talking to each other. You don't
have all those inter agent uh have all those inter agent uh have all those inter agent uh
communication. You don't have to build a communication. You don't have to build a communication. You don't have to build a
whole communication boss for agents to whole communication boss for agents to whole communication boss for agents to
communicate to one another. You don't communicate to one another. You don't communicate to one another. You don't
have to report back to a particular have to report back to a particular have to report back to a particular
agent. You don't have to do transfer and agent. You don't have to do transfer and agent. You don't have to do transfer and
stuff like that. So there's low stuff like that. So there's low stuff like that. So there's low
communication overhead. These are the communication overhead. These are the communication overhead. These are the
characteristics characteristics characteristics
of the skills pattern. Now let us look of the skills pattern. Now let us look of the skills pattern. Now let us look
at um how we can implement skills in at um how we can implement skills in at um how we can implement skills in
langraph. We're going to be bringing our langraph. We're going to be bringing our langraph. We're going to be bringing our
pseudo coder in once again to see how pseudo coder in once again to see how pseudo coder in once again to see how
this skill system works in langraph. this skill system works in langraph. this skill system works in langraph.
First let us look at what comprises of a First let us look at what comprises of a First let us look at what comprises of a
skill. What comprises of a skill? Uh let skill. What comprises of a skill? Uh let skill. What comprises of a skill? Uh let
me see if I can highlight all this. me see if I can highlight all this. me see if I can highlight all this.
Yeah. Um all this uh reduce it. Yeah. Yeah. Um all this uh reduce it. Yeah. Yeah. Um all this uh reduce it. Yeah.
Let's put it here. Oh yeah. Skill set. Let's put it here. Oh yeah. Skill set. Let's put it here. Oh yeah. Skill set.
Yeah. Skill set is here. So a skill Yeah. Skill set is here. So a skill Yeah. Skill set is here. So a skill
comprises of three main things. comprises of three main things. comprises of three main things.
uh skill composition. Skill comprises of uh skill composition. Skill comprises of uh skill composition. Skill comprises of
three main things. First, we have three main things. First, we have three main things. First, we have
instructions. You have instructions. So, instructions. You have instructions. So, instructions. You have instructions. So,
when building up your skills, you have when building up your skills, you have when building up your skills, you have
to provide instructions about the skill. to provide instructions about the skill. to provide instructions about the skill.
What's it all about? What does it do? Uh What's it all about? What does it do? Uh What's it all about? What does it do? Uh
then your skill has to have a set of then your skill has to have a set of then your skill has to have a set of
tools. What are the tools that the skill tools. What are the tools that the skill tools. What are the tools that the skill
is going to use to perform the actual is going to use to perform the actual is going to use to perform the actual
actions it needs to perform? For actions it needs to perform? For actions it needs to perform? For
example, a database skill needs to be example, a database skill needs to be example, a database skill needs to be
able to execute SQL statements, list able to execute SQL statements, list able to execute SQL statements, list
tables, describe tables and stuff like tables, describe tables and stuff like tables, describe tables and stuff like
that. That's important. Then you have to that. That's important. Then you have to that. That's important. Then you have to
provide metadata. Metadata for your provide metadata. Metadata for your provide metadata. Metadata for your
skill. These are things like name of the skill. These are things like name of the skill. These are things like name of the
skill, description of the skill, when to skill, description of the skill, when to skill, description of the skill, when to
use the skill and many more and even use the skill and many more and even use the skill and many more and even
other context that the skill would need. other context that the skill would need. other context that the skill would need.
The metadata is where you stuff in all The metadata is where you stuff in all The metadata is where you stuff in all
that information. So yeah, these are that information. So yeah, these are that information. So yeah, these are
three core things that has to be in your three core things that has to be in your three core things that has to be in your
skills package. Three core things that skills package. Three core things that skills package. Three core things that
has to be in your skills package. Now has to be in your skills package. Now has to be in your skills package. Now
let us look at a sample implementation let us look at a sample implementation let us look at a sample implementation
using our pseudo coder. Sample using our pseudo coder. Sample using our pseudo coder. Sample
implementation. Let me get rid of this implementation. Let me get rid of this implementation. Let me get rid of this
is a new instance of pseudo coder. And is a new instance of pseudo coder. And is a new instance of pseudo coder. And
the first thing you need to do is define the first thing you need to do is define the first thing you need to do is define
a bunch of skills. Define a bunch of a bunch of skills. Define a bunch of a bunch of skills. Define a bunch of
skills. So here we have a skills skills. So here we have a skills skills. So here we have a skills
constant. We set to a dictionary and it constant. We set to a dictionary and it constant. We set to a dictionary and it
consists of two skills. The SQL query consists of two skills. The SQL query consists of two skills. The SQL query
skill and the data visualization skill. skill and the data visualization skill. skill and the data visualization skill.
These are the two skills we have in this These are the two skills we have in this These are the two skills we have in this
example. example. example.
Inside SQL query we have a description Inside SQL query we have a description Inside SQL query we have a description
which is part of the metadata. We have which is part of the metadata. We have which is part of the metadata. We have
instructions which are we've talked instructions which are we've talked instructions which are we've talked
about they are one of the core things about they are one of the core things about they are one of the core things
that has to be there. Instructions how that has to be there. Instructions how that has to be there. Instructions how
the skill is to operate. You are now the skill is to operate. You are now the skill is to operate. You are now
equipped to work with SQL databases equipped to work with SQL databases equipped to work with SQL databases
guidelines. Always use parameterized guidelines. Always use parameterized guidelines. Always use parameterized
queries to prevent SQL injection. Limit queries to prevent SQL injection. Limit queries to prevent SQL injection. Limit
results to 100 rows unless specified. results to 100 rows unless specified. results to 100 rows unless specified.
Explain query logic before executing. So Explain query logic before executing. So Explain query logic before executing. So
they're kind of like sub instructions they're kind of like sub instructions they're kind of like sub instructions
within that can feed into a main within that can feed into a main within that can feed into a main
instructions. They're like sub instructions. They're like sub instructions. They're like sub
instructions that can feed into that instructions that can feed into that instructions that can feed into that
base overall instruction set. Then you base overall instruction set. Then you base overall instruction set. Then you
have the tools. You have the tools that have the tools. You have the tools that have the tools. You have the tools that
this skill can use. Execute SQL list this skill can use. Execute SQL list this skill can use. Execute SQL list
tables describe table. These skills have tables describe table. These skills have tables describe table. These skills have
to be available to the agent when you to be available to the agent when you to be available to the agent when you
create it. create it. create it.
So same goes for the data visualization So same goes for the data visualization So same goes for the data visualization
tool. You have the description, you have tool. You have the description, you have tool. You have the description, you have
instructions, you have a set of tools instructions, you have a set of tools instructions, you have a set of tools
that it can use. So once you have your that it can use. So once you have your that it can use. So once you have your
skills defined, skills defined, skills defined,
you can then define you can then define you can then define
tools that are going to help you tools that are going to help you tools that are going to help you
discover your skills and use them. So discover your skills and use them. So discover your skills and use them. So
here we have get skills and what it does here we have get skills and what it does here we have get skills and what it does
is that it lists all the available is that it lists all the available is that it lists all the available
skills and their descriptions. Uh skills and their descriptions. Uh skills and their descriptions. Uh
whenever your agent is being prompted, whenever your agent is being prompted, whenever your agent is being prompted,
this is going to be called. So it's this is going to be called. So it's this is going to be called. So it's
going to check and see all the skills going to check and see all the skills going to check and see all the skills
available to it. So you just give it a available to it. So you just give it a available to it. So you just give it a
list of your skills and you can know list of your skills and you can know list of your skills and you can know
yeah oh I have this particular skill I yeah oh I have this particular skill I yeah oh I have this particular skill I
have this particular skill I have the have this particular skill I have the have this particular skill I have the
particular skill and this person is particular skill and this person is particular skill and this person is
requesting for a database operation so I requesting for a database operation so I requesting for a database operation so I
should be calling the database query should be calling the database query should be calling the database query
skill. So it uses that to determine skill. So it uses that to determine skill. So it uses that to determine
which or which skills are available. which or which skills are available. which or which skills are available.
Then it then takes the skill it wants to Then it then takes the skill it wants to Then it then takes the skill it wants to
use calls this particular function. This use calls this particular function. This use calls this particular function. This
function is a use skill function that function is a use skill function that function is a use skill function that
you create so that it can take in a you create so that it can take in a you create so that it can take in a
skill name and load the skill. Takes in skill name and load the skill. Takes in skill name and load the skill. Takes in
a skill name and loads the skill. So a skill name and loads the skill. So a skill name and loads the skill. So
with the skill name you can go first with the skill name you can go first with the skill name you can go first
check if that skill is available in your check if that skill is available in your check if that skill is available in your
skill set. If not you say that it's not skill set. If not you say that it's not skill set. If not you say that it's not
available. If it's available you get the available. If it's available you get the available. If it's available you get the
skill and then you can return the skill. skill and then you can return the skill. skill and then you can return the skill.
can return the skill into context and can return the skill into context and can return the skill into context and
then with this returned instructions the then with this returned instructions the then with this returned instructions the
agent will know that yeah I now have agent will know that yeah I now have agent will know that yeah I now have
access to this instructions from this access to this instructions from this access to this instructions from this
skill and I have access to this skill I skill and I have access to this skill I skill and I have access to this skill I
have access to its instructions under have access to its instructions under have access to its instructions under
this skill instructions and I now have this skill instructions and I now have this skill instructions and I now have
access to this list of tools which it access to this list of tools which it access to this list of tools which it
will definitely recognize from its tools will definitely recognize from its tools will definitely recognize from its tools
list that's the one that was provided to list that's the one that was provided to list that's the one that was provided to
the agent upon creation now sometimes the agent upon creation now sometimes the agent upon creation now sometimes
you might want to add your skills you might want to add your skills you might want to add your skills
dynamically might want to add your dynamically might want to add your dynamically might want to add your
skills dynamically. Uh you don't want to skills dynamically. Uh you don't want to skills dynamically. Uh you don't want to
provide all the skills at once to the provide all the skills at once to the provide all the skills at once to the
agent when you define it. agent when you define it. agent when you define it.
To do that, you can write a function To do that, you can write a function To do that, you can write a function
like this. This not formatting well in like this. This not formatting well in like this. This not formatting well in
pseudo coder. So I'm just going to open pseudo coder. So I'm just going to open pseudo coder. So I'm just going to open
another instance of it. another instance of it. another instance of it.
So you can write a function like this. So you can write a function like this. So you can write a function like this.
write a function like this which is write a function like this which is write a function like this which is
going to be a middleware that is going going to be a middleware that is going going to be a middleware that is going
to interject your model definition and to interject your model definition and to interject your model definition and
be able to load skills on demand. So you be able to load skills on demand. So you be able to load skills on demand. So you
can have all the skills defined as can have all the skills defined as can have all the skills defined as
functions. You can have them all in a functions. You can have them all in a functions. You can have them all in a
model file all defined. So this way you model file all defined. So this way you model file all defined. So this way you
can write this type of function inject can write this type of function inject can write this type of function inject
skills tools. What it does is that it skills tools. What it does is that it skills tools. What it does is that it
checks for loaded skills. It checks for checks for loaded skills. It checks for checks for loaded skills. It checks for
loaded skills in state. This is a state loaded skills in state. This is a state loaded skills in state. This is a state
variable that tracks all the skills that variable that tracks all the skills that variable that tracks all the skills that
you've loaded. So you then check if your you've loaded. So you then check if your you've loaded. So you then check if your
skill name is already in the skills that skill name is already in the skills that skill name is already in the skills that
have been loaded. If so, then you also have been loaded. If so, then you also have been loaded. If so, then you also
check if that skill name is in skills. check if that skill name is in skills. check if that skill name is in skills.
You can extend it with the tools You can extend it with the tools You can extend it with the tools
available in that skill name. And once available in that skill name. And once available in that skill name. And once
you get those tools, you can then first you get those tools, you can then first you get those tools, you can then first
you check if there's any tool at all. you check if there's any tool at all. you check if there's any tool at all.
Then you take all the tools that are Then you take all the tools that are Then you take all the tools that are
currently available to you, all the currently available to you, all the currently available to you, all the
skills are currently loaded, then you skills are currently loaded, then you skills are currently loaded, then you
add the new skills to it. You add the add the new skills to it. You add the add the new skills to it. You add the
new skills to it. You can then override new skills to it. You can then override new skills to it. You can then override
your model definition by setting your your model definition by setting your your model definition by setting your
tools property to this new all tools tools property to this new all tools tools property to this new all tools
that has been updated with the tools that has been updated with the tools that has been updated with the tools
that are coming from the new skill that that are coming from the new skill that that are coming from the new skill that
you just loaded. Then always remember to you just loaded. Then always remember to you just loaded. Then always remember to
return your handler with the request return your handler with the request return your handler with the request
object. So this how you can load your object. So this how you can load your object. So this how you can load your
tools dynamically. If you don't want to tools dynamically. If you don't want to tools dynamically. If you don't want to
load like 100 tools at the beginning load like 100 tools at the beginning load like 100 tools at the beginning
because you have like let's say 10 because you have like let's say 10 because you have like let's say 10
skills and each of them have 10 tools. skills and each of them have 10 tools. skills and each of them have 10 tools.
You don't want to load all those tools You don't want to load all those tools You don't want to load all those tools
at the beginning. You can load them at the beginning. You can load them at the beginning. You can load them
dynamically when you're actually loading dynamically when you're actually loading dynamically when you're actually loading
the skill that has those tools. So yeah, the skill that has those tools. So yeah, the skill that has those tools. So yeah,
that's uh how you can make your code that's uh how you can make your code that's uh how you can make your code
cleaner by loading tools dynamically. cleaner by loading tools dynamically. cleaner by loading tools dynamically.
Tools for your skills, you load them Tools for your skills, you load them Tools for your skills, you load them
dynamically instead of loading them up dynamically instead of loading them up dynamically instead of loading them up
front. Now let's go back to our front. Now let's go back to our front. Now let's go back to our
whiteboard. And now let us look at whiteboard. And now let us look at whiteboard. And now let us look at
benefits and trade-offs. Let's got benefits and trade-offs. Let's got benefits and trade-offs. Let's got
benefits and trade-offs. So here we have benefits and trade-offs. So here we have benefits and trade-offs. So here we have
benefits and benefits and benefits and
trade-offs here. So first let us look at trade-offs here. So first let us look at trade-offs here. So first let us look at
benefits. benefits. benefits.
The first benefit is simplicity. The first benefit is simplicity. The first benefit is simplicity.
Simplicity. You have just one agent. No intelligent You have just one agent. No intelligent
coordination, coordination, coordination,
no communication boss, no hands off and no communication boss, no hands off and no communication boss, no hands off and
all that. You just have one agent. Just all that. You just have one agent. Just all that. You just have one agent. Just
loading skills. Just loading skills loading skills. Just loading skills loading skills. Just loading skills
based on the user's request, based on based on the user's request, based on based on the user's request, based on
what the user wants it to be. A what the user wants it to be. A what the user wants it to be. A
shape-shifting agent. Secondly, we have shape-shifting agent. Secondly, we have shape-shifting agent. Secondly, we have
low latency. Low latency. No routing low latency. Low latency. No routing low latency. Low latency. No routing
overhead between agents. You don't have overhead between agents. You don't have overhead between agents. You don't have
to move around like the sub agents. You to move around like the sub agents. You to move around like the sub agents. You
don't have to move around like hand and don't have to move around like hand and don't have to move around like hand and
offs. single agent is managing offs. single agent is managing offs. single agent is managing
everything and loading skills as everything and loading skills as everything and loading skills as
necessary. Next is flexible composition. necessary. Next is flexible composition. necessary. Next is flexible composition.
Flexible composition, you can simply Flexible composition, you can simply Flexible composition, you can simply
load multiple skills simultaneously. So load multiple skills simultaneously. So load multiple skills simultaneously. So
if you if you if you have a particular if you if you if you have a particular if you if you if you have a particular
task that has it juggling around the task that has it juggling around the task that has it juggling around the
knowledge base and tools of plumbing and knowledge base and tools of plumbing and knowledge base and tools of plumbing and
electric work, you can load them, electric work, you can load them, electric work, you can load them,
compose them together, and you don't compose them together, and you don't compose them together, and you don't
need to do any complicated agentic need to do any complicated agentic need to do any complicated agentic
gymnastics to get that to work. So yeah, gymnastics to get that to work. So yeah, gymnastics to get that to work. So yeah,
that's another thing. Uh, easy to that's another thing. Uh, easy to that's another thing. Uh, easy to
extend, easy extension, easy extension. easy extension.
This way you can add new skills without This way you can add new skills without This way you can add new skills without
restructuring. If you want it to be more restructuring. If you want it to be more restructuring. If you want it to be more
powerful, if you want to give it newer powerful, if you want to give it newer powerful, if you want to give it newer
capabilities, just add a new skill. Just capabilities, just add a new skill. Just capabilities, just add a new skill. Just
add a new skill and that's all. Just add add a new skill and that's all. Just add add a new skill and that's all. Just add
a new skill. It will discover it by a new skill. It will discover it by a new skill. It will discover it by
itself. It to use it as necessary. Yeah, itself. It to use it as necessary. Yeah, itself. It to use it as necessary. Yeah,
easy to extend. Another thing is shared easy to extend. Another thing is shared easy to extend. Another thing is shared
context. context. context.
Just like Andoffs, there's shared Just like Andoffs, there's shared Just like Andoffs, there's shared
context. So all the skills can see the context. So all the skills can see the context. So all the skills can see the
full conversation. So if they need to full conversation. So if they need to full conversation. So if they need to
refer to anything, for example, the Andy refer to anything, for example, the Andy refer to anything, for example, the Andy
man that is doing both electricals and man that is doing both electricals and man that is doing both electricals and
plumbing, these are things that can plumbing, these are things that can plumbing, these are things that can
clash within the walls. So it knows it clash within the walls. So it knows it clash within the walls. So it knows it
has context. It knows that yeah, I laid has context. It knows that yeah, I laid has context. It knows that yeah, I laid
these pipes here for some wires. these pipes here for some wires. these pipes here for some wires.
Definitely I shouldn't have any kind of Definitely I shouldn't have any kind of Definitely I shouldn't have any kind of
plumbing going close to it. So yeah, plumbing going close to it. So yeah, plumbing going close to it. So yeah,
shared context. Another thing is that shared context. Another thing is that shared context. Another thing is that
there's a natural flow. there's a natural flow. there's a natural flow.
There's a natural flow with the user. There's a natural flow with the user. There's a natural flow with the user.
Everything seems like one conversation. Everything seems like one conversation. Everything seems like one conversation.
Everything seems like one conversation. Everything seems like one conversation. Everything seems like one conversation.
Unlike handoffs where you're like, Unlike handoffs where you're like, Unlike handoffs where you're like,
"Yeah, I will now be transferring you to "Yeah, I will now be transferring you to "Yeah, I will now be transferring you to
the marketing department." Or, "Yeah, I the marketing department." Or, "Yeah, I the marketing department." Or, "Yeah, I
will now be transferring you to the will now be transferring you to the will now be transferring you to the
technical department." This one just technical department." This one just technical department." This one just
feels like a single conversation. Just feels like a single conversation. Just feels like a single conversation. Just
feels like a single conversation. It's feels like a single conversation. It's feels like a single conversation. It's
just one agent being a chameleon. just one agent being a chameleon. just one agent being a chameleon.
There's no handoffs. So, just basically There's no handoffs. So, just basically There's no handoffs. So, just basically
feels like you're talking to the same feels like you're talking to the same feels like you're talking to the same
guy. guy. guy.
Also, Also, Also,
it is cost efficient. It's cost it is cost efficient. It's cost it is cost efficient. It's cost
efficient. You're using one agent. efficient. You're using one agent. efficient. You're using one agent.
you're using one context window, you you you're using one context window, you you you're using one context window, you you
don't have to make multiple calls, make don't have to make multiple calls, make don't have to make multiple calls, make
additional calls because you're trying additional calls because you're trying additional calls because you're trying
to do communication. So yeah, it saves to do communication. So yeah, it saves to do communication. So yeah, it saves
you on tokens. you on tokens. you on tokens.
And finally, And finally, And finally,
debugging debugging trace is easier debugging debugging trace is easier debugging debugging trace is easier
because single execution path to trace because single execution path to trace because single execution path to trace
single is a single execution path to single is a single execution path to single is a single execution path to
trace. You don't have to trace multiple trace. You don't have to trace multiple trace. You don't have to trace multiple
agents doing multiple things and all. agents doing multiple things and all. agents doing multiple things and all.
you're just tracing one single agent you're just tracing one single agent you're just tracing one single agent
that is loading different capabilities. that is loading different capabilities. that is loading different capabilities.
So yeah, those are the benefits. Now So yeah, those are the benefits. Now So yeah, those are the benefits. Now
let's talk about trade-offs. Let's talk let's talk about trade-offs. Let's talk let's talk about trade-offs. Let's talk
about trade-offs. First, you have the about trade-offs. First, you have the about trade-offs. First, you have the
context window pressure. There's a lot context window pressure. There's a lot context window pressure. There's a lot
of pressure on the context window to be of pressure on the context window to be of pressure on the context window to be
very very context aware to be very very context aware to be very very context aware to be
able to understand when it's to use able to understand when it's to use able to understand when it's to use
plumbing, when it's to use electricals, plumbing, when it's to use electricals, plumbing, when it's to use electricals,
when it's to combine both and when it's to combine both and when it's to combine both and
everything. loaded skills consume tokens everything. loaded skills consume tokens everything. loaded skills consume tokens
and they mix a lot of information and they mix a lot of information and they mix a lot of information
together. So you have to have a very together. So you have to have a very together. So you have to have a very
intelligent model that knows how to do intelligent model that knows how to do intelligent model that knows how to do
what is right when appropriate. Thank what is right when appropriate. Thank what is right when appropriate. Thank
god models are getting smarter but then god models are getting smarter but then god models are getting smarter but then
you still going to have to consume a lot you still going to have to consume a lot you still going to have to consume a lot
of tokens because all the conversation of tokens because all the conversation of tokens because all the conversation
history is being passed in. So context history is being passed in. So context history is being passed in. So context
window pressure window pressure window pressure
then we also have weak isolation. The plumbing work is not really The plumbing work is not really
separated from the electrical work. So a separated from the electrical work. So a separated from the electrical work. So a
lot of that knowledge is coming and that lot of that knowledge is coming and that lot of that knowledge is coming and that
can be confusing. Uh skills can your can be confusing. Uh skills can your can be confusing. Uh skills can your
skills must not have conflicting skills must not have conflicting skills must not have conflicting
instructions. If your skills have instructions. If your skills have instructions. If your skills have
instructions that overlap, if they instructions that overlap, if they instructions that overlap, if they
overlap in a way that is conflicting, overlap in a way that is conflicting, overlap in a way that is conflicting,
things are going to become very very things are going to become very very things are going to become very very
ugly. So that's another problem that you ugly. So that's another problem that you ugly. So that's another problem that you
need to fix. need to fix. need to fix.
Also, no parallelism. Also, no parallelism. Also, no parallelism.
Yeah, your your GI Joe and man cannot do Yeah, your your GI Joe and man cannot do Yeah, your your GI Joe and man cannot do
two things at once. Yeah, it cannot be two things at once. Yeah, it cannot be two things at once. Yeah, it cannot be
doing electrical work and plumbing work doing electrical work and plumbing work doing electrical work and plumbing work
at the same time. It cannot be doing at the same time. It cannot be doing at the same time. It cannot be doing
them simultaneously. So you can't run them simultaneously. So you can't run them simultaneously. So you can't run
skills simultaneously. You can't run skills simultaneously. You can't run skills simultaneously. You can't run
skills simultaneously. Yeah, they can skills simultaneously. Yeah, they can skills simultaneously. Yeah, they can
only feed off each other's context when only feed off each other's context when only feed off each other's context when
they actually working. Only one of them they actually working. Only one of them they actually working. Only one of them
is being used. Only one of them is being is being used. Only one of them is being is being used. Only one of them is being
used. used. used.
Also, you run the risk of having tool Also, you run the risk of having tool Also, you run the risk of having tool
overload. overload. overload.
Have the risk of running tool overload. Have the risk of running tool overload. Have the risk of running tool overload.
We looked at the sub aent pattern and We looked at the sub aent pattern and We looked at the sub aent pattern and
there we see that one of the main things there we see that one of the main things there we see that one of the main things
is that he's able to help us split the is that he's able to help us split the is that he's able to help us split the
tools. This guy does it too. But because tools. This guy does it too. But because tools. This guy does it too. But because
everything is loaded additively into everything is loaded additively into everything is loaded additively into
context, context, context,
you have to have a very good unloading you have to have a very good unloading you have to have a very good unloading
uh strategy to make sure that you don't uh strategy to make sure that you don't uh strategy to make sure that you don't
load too many skills. You don't load too load too many skills. You don't load too load too many skills. You don't load too
many skills and you don't load too many many skills and you don't load too many many skills and you don't load too many
tools because once having too many tools because once having too many tools because once having too many
skills, you having too many tools and skills, you having too many tools and skills, you having too many tools and
that will always lead to poor tool that will always lead to poor tool that will always lead to poor tool
selection. So make sure you have your selection. So make sure you have your selection. So make sure you have your
unloading strategy in place. Next, unloading strategy in place. Next, unloading strategy in place. Next,
prompt complexity. Prompt complexity prompt complexity. Prompt complexity prompt complexity. Prompt complexity
base prompt is added onto the skills base prompt is added onto the skills base prompt is added onto the skills
prompt. So, you have to make sure that prompt. So, you have to make sure that prompt. So, you have to make sure that
there's some sort of agreement between there's some sort of agreement between there's some sort of agreement between
them. There's some sort of contract that them. There's some sort of contract that them. There's some sort of contract that
you're maintaining. You have to always you're maintaining. You have to always you're maintaining. You have to always
make sure that all the prompts get make sure that all the prompts get make sure that all the prompts get
along. The base prompt, all the skills along. The base prompt, all the skills along. The base prompt, all the skills
prompt, they must always get along. And prompt, they must always get along. And prompt, they must always get along. And
even with that, this can start growing even with that, this can start growing even with that, this can start growing
and growing and growing. And we know and growing and growing. And we know and growing and growing. And we know
what too much context can cause to an what too much context can cause to an what too much context can cause to an
agent. So that's always a problem that agent. So that's always a problem that agent. So that's always a problem that
you have to keep in mind. Also, you have to keep in mind. Also, you have to keep in mind. Also,
no specialization. No specialization. no specialization. No specialization. no specialization. No specialization.
It's just one dude that can do It's just one dude that can do It's just one dude that can do
everything. One dude that can do everything. One dude that can do everything. One dude that can do
everything. And um yeah, you can do your everything. And um yeah, you can do your everything. And um yeah, you can do your
best to define your skills very very best to define your skills very very best to define your skills very very
well. Uh but you can use different well. Uh but you can use different well. Uh but you can use different
models. You can use different models. Uh models. You can use different models. Uh models. You can use different models. Uh
of course, you might do the whole of course, you might do the whole of course, you might do the whole
swapping of models thing. That's swapping of models thing. That's swapping of models thing. That's
something you can do. something you can do. something you can do.
uh but most of the time you'll be using uh but most of the time you'll be using uh but most of the time you'll be using
the same model for all domains and you the same model for all domains and you the same model for all domains and you
might not be able to use specialized might not be able to use specialized might not be able to use specialized
models for different types of tasks. So models for different types of tasks. So models for different types of tasks. So
yeah uh this is another caveat to using yeah uh this is another caveat to using yeah uh this is another caveat to using
uh this design pattern for your multi- uh this design pattern for your multi- uh this design pattern for your multi-
aent system. But I feel the model aent system. But I feel the model aent system. But I feel the model
swapping middleware should help should swapping middleware should help should swapping middleware should help should
be able to help uh in a way with this. be able to help uh in a way with this. be able to help uh in a way with this.
But the problem is when you swap a But the problem is when you swap a But the problem is when you swap a
particular model you have to return all particular model you have to return all particular model you have to return all
the context. Uh so you probably are the context. Uh so you probably are the context. Uh so you probably are
switching context window at that point switching context window at that point switching context window at that point
and yeah that can come with its own and yeah that can come with its own and yeah that can come with its own
complexity. complexity. complexity.
So yeah, trade-offs and benefits. And So yeah, trade-offs and benefits. And So yeah, trade-offs and benefits. And
I'm resizing them now because it's time I'm resizing them now because it's time I'm resizing them now because it's time
to talk about use cases. So those are to talk about use cases. So those are to talk about use cases. So those are
your trade-offs and benefits. Know how your trade-offs and benefits. Know how your trade-offs and benefits. Know how
to make your decisions. So now let us to make your decisions. So now let us to make your decisions. So now let us
discuss use cases. discuss use cases. discuss use cases.
Use cases. And the first use case that Use cases. And the first use case that Use cases. And the first use case that
this is awesome for is coding assistant. this is awesome for is coding assistant. this is awesome for is coding assistant.
Coding assistant. Like I've said, cloud Coding assistant. Like I've said, cloud Coding assistant. Like I've said, cloud
code, open code. Yeah, this this uh code, open code. Yeah, this this uh code, open code. Yeah, this this uh
pattern is amazing for them. You can pattern is amazing for them. You can pattern is amazing for them. You can
load specific language skills, can load load specific language skills, can load load specific language skills, can load
skills for Python, can load skills for skills for Python, can load skills for skills for Python, can load skills for
SQL, can load skills for JavaScript. So, SQL, can load skills for JavaScript. So, SQL, can load skills for JavaScript. So,
uh the skills pattern shines a lot when uh the skills pattern shines a lot when uh the skills pattern shines a lot when
you are using it for this type of uh you are using it for this type of uh you are using it for this type of uh
agentic implementation. agentic implementation. agentic implementation.
Another thing is Another thing is Another thing is
knowledge basis. If you want to be knowledge basis. If you want to be knowledge basis. If you want to be
multi-talented, you want to be a polygot and you need to switch knowledge bases. and you need to switch knowledge bases.
Yep. You can use it to load different Yep. You can use it to load different Yep. You can use it to load different
domain expertise on demand. domain expertise on demand. domain expertise on demand.
Another thing is document processing. Another thing is document processing. Another thing is document processing.
In document processing, now take note In document processing, now take note In document processing, now take note
when I say use cases, it doesn't mean when I say use cases, it doesn't mean when I say use cases, it doesn't mean
that this pattern can only be used for that this pattern can only be used for that this pattern can only be used for
this particular use cases. It's just this particular use cases. It's just this particular use cases. It's just
that it can it it fits that particular that it can it it fits that particular that it can it it fits that particular
use case. Sometimes it doesn't fit the use case. Sometimes it doesn't fit the use case. Sometimes it doesn't fit the
overall use case, it fits a particular overall use case, it fits a particular overall use case, it fits a particular
problem within that use case. So keep problem within that use case. So keep problem within that use case. So keep
that in mind. Like for example, in that in mind. Like for example, in that in mind. Like for example, in
document processes, this is very it's document processes, this is very it's document processes, this is very it's
easy for you to load different skills to easy for you to load different skills to easy for you to load different skills to
process different files. If you're going process different files. If you're going process different files. If you're going
to be working with different types of to be working with different types of to be working with different types of
files, you can load in different skills files, you can load in different skills files, you can load in different skills
to work on different types of files. to work on different types of files. to work on different types of files.
We also have data analysis. We also have data analysis. We also have data analysis.
In data analysis, In data analysis, In data analysis,
you can use you can have um different you can use you can have um different you can use you can have um different
set of skills that you can combine. You set of skills that you can combine. You set of skills that you can combine. You
can combine quering skills with can combine quering skills with can combine quering skills with
visualization skills with interpretation visualization skills with interpretation visualization skills with interpretation
skills. So you can load them in based on skills. So you can load them in based on skills. So you can load them in based on
what the task you want to perform. If it what the task you want to perform. If it what the task you want to perform. If it
needs two of those skills, you load it needs two of those skills, you load it needs two of those skills, you load it
in. If you need uh three of those in. If you need uh three of those in. If you need uh three of those
skills, you load it in. Then you just skills, you load it in. Then you just skills, you load it in. Then you just
switch from one skill to another based switch from one skill to another based switch from one skill to another based
on what you are doing at the moment. It on what you are doing at the moment. It on what you are doing at the moment. It
will always use one skill every single will always use one skill every single will always use one skill every single
time. But at least it makes it time. But at least it makes it time. But at least it makes it
multi-talented and it can do different multi-talented and it can do different multi-talented and it can do different
things. It can query, it can visualize, things. It can query, it can visualize, things. It can query, it can visualize,
and it can also interpret. and it can also interpret. and it can also interpret.
also writing assistance. also writing assistance. also writing assistance.
Writing assistance and in this use case Writing assistance and in this use case Writing assistance and in this use case
you can use it to load different tone you can use it to load different tone you can use it to load different tone
skills. You can load a formal agent, you skills. You can load a formal agent, you skills. You can load a formal agent, you
can load a casual agent and you can load can load a casual agent and you can load can load a casual agent and you can load
a very technical agent. So that's one of a very technical agent. So that's one of a very technical agent. So that's one of
the things if you're a writer, you're the things if you're a writer, you're the things if you're a writer, you're
writing a writing assistant, you can writing a writing assistant, you can writing a writing assistant, you can
load different skills based on the type load different skills based on the type load different skills based on the type
of tone you want to write the document of tone you want to write the document of tone you want to write the document
in. also in DevOps automation. in. also in DevOps automation. in. also in DevOps automation.
Interesting DevOps automation. Uh here Interesting DevOps automation. Uh here Interesting DevOps automation. Uh here
you can have a DevOps agent, a DevOps you can have a DevOps agent, a DevOps you can have a DevOps agent, a DevOps
multi- agent that can work on AWS, can multi- agent that can work on AWS, can multi- agent that can work on AWS, can
also work on Azure or work on GCP, also work on Azure or work on GCP, also work on Azure or work on GCP,
Google Cloud um platform. So you can Google Cloud um platform. So you can Google Cloud um platform. So you can
load in different skills based on where load in different skills based on where load in different skills based on where
the client would like to host their the client would like to host their the client would like to host their
resources or manage their resources, the resources or manage their resources, the resources or manage their resources, the
cloud platform they choose to use. If cloud platform they choose to use. If cloud platform they choose to use. If
you want AWS, you load your AWS skills. you want AWS, you load your AWS skills. you want AWS, you load your AWS skills.
they want Azure, you load your Azure they want Azure, you load your Azure they want Azure, you load your Azure
skills. So those are the use cases and skills. So those are the use cases and skills. So those are the use cases and
that will be all on the skills pattern. So in this video we're going to be So in this video we're going to be
discussing the final multi- aent discussing the final multi- aent discussing the final multi- aent
pattern, the router pattern, the router pattern, the router pattern, the router pattern, the router pattern, the router
pattern or the routing pattern. Now pattern or the routing pattern. Now pattern or the routing pattern. Now
imagine you have imagine you have imagine you have
a research a research a research
coordinator. You have a research coordinator. You have a research coordinator. You have a research
coordinator. Yeah. So, uh let's do this coordinator. Yeah. So, uh let's do this coordinator. Yeah. So, uh let's do this
this our research coordinator. Research Research
coordinator the medium text. So, we have coordinator the medium text. So, we have coordinator the medium text. So, we have
our research coordinator our research coordinator our research coordinator
and we give our research coordinator and we give our research coordinator and we give our research coordinator
uh a question. We give we give the uh a question. We give we give the uh a question. We give we give the
research coordinator a question. So the research coordinator a question. So the research coordinator a question. So the
research coordinator then takes that research coordinator then takes that research coordinator then takes that
question identifies which experts need question identifies which experts need question identifies which experts need
to be consulted. Identify which experts to be consulted. Identify which experts to be consulted. Identify which experts
need to be consulted. Let's say we need need to be consulted. Let's say we need need to be consulted. Let's say we need
to consult an archaeologist. We need to to consult an archaeologist. We need to to consult an archaeologist. We need to
consult an archaeologist. Uh consult an archaeologist. Uh consult an archaeologist. Uh
we also need to consult we also need to consult we also need to consult
a geologist a geologist a geologist
and we also need to consult a and we also need to consult a and we also need to consult a
materiologist. All materiologist. All materiologist. All
right, that topic has to do with fossils right, that topic has to do with fossils right, that topic has to do with fossils
and stuff like stuff like that. Uh and stuff like stuff like that. Uh and stuff like stuff like that. Uh
meteorologists. meteorologists. meteorologists.
Yeah, I think I'm correct. Yeah. So, we Yeah, I think I'm correct. Yeah. So, we Yeah, I think I'm correct. Yeah. So, we
need to consult archaeologist, need to consult archaeologist, need to consult archaeologist,
geologist, and a materiologist. geologist, and a materiologist. geologist, and a materiologist.
So, the research coordinator identifies So, the research coordinator identifies So, the research coordinator identifies
that. He then sends he breaks the task that. He then sends he breaks the task that. He then sends he breaks the task
down based on what each expert needs to down based on what each expert needs to down based on what each expert needs to
work on. It then sends tasks to each work on. It then sends tasks to each work on. It then sends tasks to each
researcher in parallel. Send task to researcher in parallel. Send task to researcher in parallel. Send task to
each researcher in parallel. Then each each researcher in parallel. Then each each researcher in parallel. Then each
researcher does their work and all their researcher does their work and all their researcher does their work and all their
findings findings findings
is then synthesized into a final report. is then synthesized into a final report. is then synthesized into a final report.
Probably they discover that yeah that Probably they discover that yeah that Probably they discover that yeah that
bone belongs to an alien bone belongs to an alien bone belongs to an alien
something of that sort. So they something of that sort. So they something of that sort. So they
synthesize synthesize synthesize
synthesize uh report. So they synthesize synthesize uh report. So they synthesize synthesize uh report. So they synthesize
all that information into all that information into all that information into
your report. This how the routing your report. This how the routing your report. This how the routing
pattern works. Yeah, that's the routing pattern works. Yeah, that's the routing pattern works. Yeah, that's the routing
pattern. You can you can you you can you pattern. You can you can you you can you pattern. You can you can you you can you
can go home now. This how the routing can go home now. This how the routing can go home now. This how the routing
pattern works. The routing pattern is pattern works. The routing pattern is pattern works. The routing pattern is
basically a multi- aent architecture basically a multi- aent architecture basically a multi- aent architecture
where a classification step not an agent where a classification step not an agent where a classification step not an agent
and this very important not an agent. A and this very important not an agent. A and this very important not an agent. A
classification step analyzes the impute. classification step analyzes the impute. classification step analyzes the impute.
So we have an impute here. We found some So we have an impute here. We found some So we have an impute here. We found some
bones and we want to know what they bones and we want to know what they bones and we want to know what they
about. It analyzes the impute. It then about. It analyzes the impute. It then about. It analyzes the impute. It then
breaks it down into subtasks. Task one, breaks it down into subtasks. Task one, breaks it down into subtasks. Task one,
task two, task three. It breaks it down task two, task three. It breaks it down task two, task three. It breaks it down
into subtasks or that is done here into subtasks or that is done here into subtasks or that is done here
actually. It breaks it down into actually. It breaks it down into actually. It breaks it down into
subtasks. It then identifies subtasks. It then identifies subtasks. It then identifies
the agents that are to work on it and in the agents that are to work on it and in the agents that are to work on it and in
parallel distributes parallel distributes parallel distributes
that work to the agents. So take your that work to the agents. So take your that work to the agents. So take your
part. Take your part. take your part. So part. Take your part. take your part. So part. Take your part. take your part. So
it breaks it down. This is the it breaks it down. This is the it breaks it down. This is the
archaeologist work. This is the archaeologist work. This is the archaeologist work. This is the
geologist work. This is the methologist geologist work. This is the methologist geologist work. This is the methologist
work. So give the archaeologist work to work. So give the archaeologist work to work. So give the archaeologist work to
the archaeologist. Give the geologist the archaeologist. Give the geologist the archaeologist. Give the geologist
work to the geologist and give the work to the geologist and give the work to the geologist and give the
meteorologist work to the meteorologist. meteorologist work to the meteorologist. meteorologist work to the meteorologist.
So it dispatches this task to So it dispatches this task to So it dispatches this task to
specialized agents in parallel. Everyone specialized agents in parallel. Everyone specialized agents in parallel. Everyone
works on it and the system synthesizes works on it and the system synthesizes works on it and the system synthesizes
the final report into a unified the final report into a unified the final report into a unified
response. It synthesizes all the results response. It synthesizes all the results response. It synthesizes all the results
into a final response. This is how the into a final response. This is how the into a final response. This is how the
routing pattern works. It is optimized routing pattern works. It is optimized routing pattern works. It is optimized
for queries that benefit from consulting for queries that benefit from consulting for queries that benefit from consulting
multiple knowledge sources multiple knowledge sources multiple knowledge sources
simultaneously. simultaneously. simultaneously.
That's your use case right there. Any That's your use case right there. Any That's your use case right there. Any
situation that benefits from consulting situation that benefits from consulting situation that benefits from consulting
multiple knowledge sources multiple knowledge sources multiple knowledge sources
simultaneously running multiple tasks simultaneously running multiple tasks simultaneously running multiple tasks
simultaneously, the routing pattern simultaneously, the routing pattern simultaneously, the routing pattern
fixed perfectly. The routing pattern is fixed perfectly. The routing pattern is fixed perfectly. The routing pattern is
designed to work in parallel. It's designed to work in parallel. It's designed to work in parallel. It's
designed to work in parallel. So if you designed to work in parallel. So if you designed to work in parallel. So if you
just have one shot stuff, don't bring just have one shot stuff, don't bring just have one shot stuff, don't bring
it. Don't bring it there. If your stuff it. Don't bring it there. If your stuff it. Don't bring it there. If your stuff
are going to be one shot, you only need are going to be one shot, you only need are going to be one shot, you only need
to consult one act, one one agent, do to consult one act, one one agent, do to consult one act, one one agent, do
something in sequence. No, that's not something in sequence. No, that's not something in sequence. No, that's not
what we're doing here. We don't do that what we're doing here. We don't do that what we're doing here. We don't do that
here. Parallel work. Parallel work is here. Parallel work. Parallel work is here. Parallel work. Parallel work is
the main selling point and strong point the main selling point and strong point the main selling point and strong point
for the routing pattern. For example, for the routing pattern. For example, for the routing pattern. For example,
let's say you bring a paper or you bring let's say you bring a paper or you bring let's say you bring a paper or you bring
a question, not a paper, that asks what a question, not a paper, that asks what a question, not a paper, that asks what
are the economic, environmental, and are the economic, environmental, and are the economic, environmental, and
social impacts of electric vehicles. The social impacts of electric vehicles. The social impacts of electric vehicles. The
research coordinator is going to analyze research coordinator is going to analyze research coordinator is going to analyze
that and break it down into three parts. that and break it down into three parts. that and break it down into three parts.
one to economics, one to environmental one to economics, one to environmental one to economics, one to environmental
science, one to sociology. All of them science, one to sociology. All of them science, one to sociology. All of them
work in parallel. work in parallel. work in parallel.
It will then synthesize all the results It will then synthesize all the results It will then synthesize all the results
and provide the final report. So based and provide the final report. So based and provide the final report. So based
on your question is broken down can be on your question is broken down can be on your question is broken down can be
broken down into four parts. It can be broken down into four parts. It can be broken down into four parts. It can be
broken down into five parts. It can broken down into five parts. It can broken down into five parts. It can
broken down into seven parts and agents broken down into seven parts and agents broken down into seven parts and agents
specialized agents are going to be spin specialized agents are going to be spin specialized agents are going to be spin
up or going to spawn up simultaneously up or going to spawn up simultaneously up or going to spawn up simultaneously
to work on them and to give you a final to work on them and to give you a final to work on them and to give you a final
synthesized result. The key insight here synthesized result. The key insight here synthesized result. The key insight here
is parallel dispatch to specialist, is parallel dispatch to specialist, is parallel dispatch to specialist,
synthesis of result. Keep that in mind. synthesis of result. Keep that in mind. synthesis of result. Keep that in mind.
Parallel dispatch to specialist and Parallel dispatch to specialist and Parallel dispatch to specialist and
synthesis of result. Now let us look at synthesis of result. Now let us look at synthesis of result. Now let us look at
some characteristics of this design some characteristics of this design some characteristics of this design
pattern. We come here and I think I pattern. We come here and I think I pattern. We come here and I think I
should be able to stick the should be able to stick the should be able to stick the
characteristics around here. Let's draw characteristics around here. Let's draw characteristics around here. Let's draw
our asterics. Characteristics. our asterics. Characteristics. our asterics. Characteristics.
Asterics and obelics. So characteristics Asterics and obelics. So characteristics Asterics and obelics. So characteristics
first. It always has a classification first. It always has a classification first. It always has a classification
step first. step first. step first.
So it always runs a classification step So it always runs a classification step So it always runs a classification step
first. Not a classification agent, a first. Not a classification agent, a first. Not a classification agent, a
classification step. So you have a classification step. So you have a classification step. So you have a
classification step. This is where the classification step. This is where the classification step. This is where the
router is going to analyze and decompose router is going to analyze and decompose router is going to analyze and decompose
your query. So I can identify the your query. So I can identify the your query. So I can identify the
different parts and the different agents different parts and the different agents different parts and the different agents
that are to work on it. Also like I that are to work on it. Also like I that are to work on it. Also like I
said, it is heavily fully and said, it is heavily fully and said, it is heavily fully and
permanently designed for parallel permanently designed for parallel permanently designed for parallel
execution. Multiple agents. execution. Multiple agents. execution. Multiple agents.
Multiple agents get to work Multiple agents get to work Multiple agents get to work
simultaneously. They get to work in simultaneously. They get to work in simultaneously. They get to work in
parallel and also each agent receives a parallel and also each agent receives a parallel and also each agent receives a
targeted piece. A targeted piece of the targeted piece. A targeted piece of the targeted piece. A targeted piece of the
puzzle. Targeted in the sense that it is puzzle. Targeted in the sense that it is puzzle. Targeted in the sense that it is
according to their specialty. Each agent according to their specialty. Each agent according to their specialty. Each agent
gets a domain specific query. So the gets a domain specific query. So the gets a domain specific query. So the
classification step is going to do the classification step is going to do the classification step is going to do the
breakdown and package a very detailed breakdown and package a very detailed breakdown and package a very detailed
instruction domain specific to a instruction domain specific to a instruction domain specific to a
particular specialist agent. So it's particular specialist agent. So it's particular specialist agent. So it's
going to package that can be for three going to package that can be for three going to package that can be for three
agents, it can be for two agents, can be agents, it can be for two agents, can be agents, it can be for two agents, can be
for five agents depending on the number for five agents depending on the number for five agents depending on the number
of specialists it has identified to work of specialists it has identified to work of specialists it has identified to work
on that particular task. Next we have on that particular task. Next we have on that particular task. Next we have
selective routing. Now for example, selective routing. Now for example, selective routing. Now for example,
these are not the only experts that the these are not the only experts that the these are not the only experts that the
research coordinator would have in the research coordinator would have in the research coordinator would have in the
department. These are not the only department. These are not the only department. These are not the only
experts. There can also be a experts. There can also be a experts. There can also be a
palentologist. There can also be palentologist. There can also be palentologist. There can also be
biological scientist. There can even be biological scientist. There can even be biological scientist. There can even be
someone that specializes in metal works, someone that specializes in metal works, someone that specializes in metal works,
but based on the task it was given and but based on the task it was given and but based on the task it was given and
the breakdown it did, it would only call the breakdown it did, it would only call the breakdown it did, it would only call
the guys that should be involved. It the guys that should be involved. It the guys that should be involved. It
will only invoke relevant agents. So will only invoke relevant agents. So will only invoke relevant agents. So
even if you have like 15 agents in this even if you have like 15 agents in this even if you have like 15 agents in this
system, only the relevant ones are going system, only the relevant ones are going system, only the relevant ones are going
to be called. Only the ones that are to be called. Only the ones that are to be called. Only the ones that are
relevant to the task at hand are going relevant to the task at hand are going relevant to the task at hand are going
to be called. It's also similar to the to be called. It's also similar to the to be called. It's also similar to the
sub aents where you only call the agents sub aents where you only call the agents sub aents where you only call the agents
that you need but these ones will always that you need but these ones will always that you need but these ones will always
operate in parallel unlike in sub aents operate in parallel unlike in sub aents operate in parallel unlike in sub aents
that you can actually have them working that you can actually have them working that you can actually have them working
sequentially. Also we have result sequentially. Also we have result sequentially. Also we have result
synthesis. Result synthesis. There is a synthesis. Result synthesis. There is a synthesis. Result synthesis. There is a
synthesization step. I hope I'm synthesization step. I hope I'm synthesization step. I hope I'm
correcting that correctly. correcting that correctly. correcting that correctly.
Synthesization. Synthesization. Synthesization.
Okay. There's a synthesis step. So Okay. There's a synthesis step. So Okay. There's a synthesis step. So
that's all the results are combined into that's all the results are combined into that's all the results are combined into
one unified response. So every result one unified response. So every result one unified response. So every result
from all the sub aent is collated and from all the sub aent is collated and from all the sub aent is collated and
that response is handed over to the that response is handed over to the that response is handed over to the
user. Now this is also done statelessly. user. Now this is also done statelessly. user. Now this is also done statelessly.
So your operation is typically So your operation is typically So your operation is typically
stateless. stateless. stateless.
The agents only receive what they need The agents only receive what they need The agents only receive what they need
and each of the requests is going to be and each of the requests is going to be and each of the requests is going to be
handled independently going to be handled independently going to be handled independently going to be
handled independently. No context from handled independently. No context from handled independently. No context from
any other guy. The archaeologist is any other guy. The archaeologist is any other guy. The archaeologist is
going to do his work world away from the going to do his work world away from the going to do his work world away from the
geologist who is also separated away geologist who is also separated away geologist who is also separated away
from the materologist and definitely the from the materologist and definitely the from the materologist and definitely the
archaeologist too. Everybody gets to do archaeologist too. Everybody gets to do archaeologist too. Everybody gets to do
their own work independently. Then the their own work independently. Then the their own work independently. Then the
system the harness is going to system the harness is going to system the harness is going to
synthesize everything and pass the final synthesize everything and pass the final synthesize everything and pass the final
result. And you may have guessed there's result. And you may have guessed there's result. And you may have guessed there's
definitely context isolation with that. definitely context isolation with that. definitely context isolation with that.
So context isolation is also one of the So context isolation is also one of the So context isolation is also one of the
characteristics of this pattern. So characteristics of this pattern. So characteristics of this pattern. So
classification first there's always classification first there's always classification first there's always
class classification step first. class classification step first. class classification step first.
Parallel execution Parallel execution Parallel execution
parallel execution the execution is parallel execution the execution is parallel execution the execution is
always parallel. It's always par. If you always parallel. It's always par. If you always parallel. It's always par. If you
are doing one short stuff don't come are doing one short stuff don't come are doing one short stuff don't come
here. It's always parallel. We need to here. It's always parallel. We need to here. It's always parallel. We need to
spin up two, three, four, five agents. spin up two, three, four, five agents. spin up two, three, four, five agents.
Then the subtax are targeted at the Then the subtax are targeted at the Then the subtax are targeted at the
specialists. specialists. specialists.
Selected routing or selective routing Selected routing or selective routing Selected routing or selective routing
rather not selected routing. Sorry about rather not selected routing. Sorry about rather not selected routing. Sorry about
that. So this selective routing. So we that. So this selective routing. So we that. So this selective routing. So we
only select guys that we need. We don't only select guys that we need. We don't only select guys that we need. We don't
need everybody. We only select guys that need everybody. We only select guys that need everybody. We only select guys that
we need. Uh result synthesis. That's the we need. Uh result synthesis. That's the we need. Uh result synthesis. That's the
final step before a response then goes final step before a response then goes final step before a response then goes
to the user. to the user. to the user.
Then uh it's typically stateless world Then uh it's typically stateless world Then uh it's typically stateless world
gardens silos of operation then context gardens silos of operation then context gardens silos of operation then context
isolation context isolation the context isolation context isolation the context isolation context isolation the context
of each agent is isolated from each of each agent is isolated from each of each agent is isolated from each
other. So yeah these are the other. So yeah these are the other. So yeah these are the
characteristics of this design pattern. characteristics of this design pattern. characteristics of this design pattern.
Now we've definitely seen how this kind Now we've definitely seen how this kind Now we've definitely seen how this kind
of pattern works when we're looking at of pattern works when we're looking at of pattern works when we're looking at
workflows when we're looking at workflows when we're looking at workflows when we're looking at
workflows in L graph. The routing workflows in L graph. The routing workflows in L graph. The routing
workflow the router workflow kind of workflow the router workflow kind of workflow the router workflow kind of
works similarly to this. But let me just works similarly to this. But let me just works similarly to this. But let me just
show you how the fan out process looks show you how the fan out process looks show you how the fan out process looks
like. That's the process of sending like. That's the process of sending like. That's the process of sending
different tasks to different agents. So different tasks to different agents. So different tasks to different agents. So
let us go to pseudo coder and let's say let us go to pseudo coder and let's say let us go to pseudo coder and let's say
after the classification step we get after the classification step we get after the classification step we get
something like this. We get this something like this. We get this something like this. We get this
variable variable variable
classification which is a list classification which is a list classification which is a list
classification. Oh yeah. So we get this classification. Oh yeah. So we get this classification. Oh yeah. So we get this
variable which is a list and inside we variable which is a list and inside we variable which is a list and inside we
get dictionaries of each classification. get dictionaries of each classification. get dictionaries of each classification.
Dictionaries of each classification. And Dictionaries of each classification. And Dictionaries of each classification. And
what this will typically be is that what this will typically be is that what this will typically be is that
we'll have let's say a variable called we'll have let's say a variable called we'll have let's say a variable called
source. source is going to be the name source. source is going to be the name source. source is going to be the name
of the agent that is going to take it of the agent that is going to take it of the agent that is going to take it
up. Let's say we have archaeologist up. Let's say we have archaeologist up. Let's say we have archaeologist
here. Now I'm wondering why I picked here. Now I'm wondering why I picked here. Now I'm wondering why I picked
this very complex names. So this very complex names. So this very complex names. So
archaeologist then we have query have archaeologist then we have query have archaeologist then we have query have
query that's the instruction that is to query that's the instruction that is to query that's the instruction that is to
go to them. So this will just be a bunch go to them. So this will just be a bunch go to them. So this will just be a bunch
of blah blah blah blah blah blah. So let of blah blah blah blah blah blah. So let of blah blah blah blah blah blah. So let
me just do. So we have that. You can me just do. So we have that. You can me just do. So we have that. You can
name this agent. You can name this name this agent. You can name this name this agent. You can name this
source. Whatever. Source is just trying source. Whatever. Source is just trying source. Whatever. Source is just trying
to um depict the fact that you are to um depict the fact that you are to um depict the fact that you are
probably doing a research that involves probably doing a research that involves probably doing a research that involves
you querying different sources. So this you querying different sources. So this you querying different sources. So this
is geologist as query and we have is geologist as query and we have is geologist as query and we have
materologist and zone query. So this is materologist and zone query. So this is materologist and zone query. So this is
the result of your classification step. the result of your classification step. the result of your classification step.
This is what you save in state a list of This is what you save in state a list of This is what you save in state a list of
how the task has been broken down into how the task has been broken down into how the task has been broken down into
the sources to query and what we're the sources to query and what we're the sources to query and what we're
going to be querying. So with this going to be querying. So with this going to be querying. So with this
information you can then add a routing information you can then add a routing information you can then add a routing
function to your graph. You can add a function to your graph. You can add a function to your graph. You can add a
routing function to your graph using routing function to your graph using routing function to your graph using
send. This is where send is the main send. This is where send is the main send. This is where send is the main
player is the star of the show. You add player is the star of the show. You add player is the star of the show. You add
a routing function using send. And what a routing function using send. And what a routing function using send. And what
send is going to do is that it's going send is going to do is that it's going send is going to do is that it's going
to get that particular classification to get that particular classification to get that particular classification
from state. It's going to get a from state. It's going to get a from state. It's going to get a
classification from state. It's going to classification from state. It's going to classification from state. It's going to
loop over it and for each of them it's loop over it and for each of them it's loop over it and for each of them it's
going to send or it's going to return a going to send or it's going to return a going to send or it's going to return a
send object. It's going to return a send send object. It's going to return a send send object. It's going to return a send
object which the agent is going to be object which the agent is going to be object which the agent is going to be
the source the source the source
and the query is going to be and the query is going to be and the query is going to be
classification query. Yeah, that's going classification query. Yeah, that's going classification query. Yeah, that's going
to be the state for that node. So or to be the state for that node. So or to be the state for that node. So or
that agent. So it would pick the agent that agent. So it would pick the agent that agent. So it would pick the agent
or the node and then send the context or the node and then send the context or the node and then send the context
here picking it from this breakdown that here picking it from this breakdown that here picking it from this breakdown that
I just did. And when you want to do the I just did. And when you want to do the I just did. And when you want to do the
synthesis, synthesis, synthesis,
you can always use a state variable that you can always use a state variable that you can always use a state variable that
has a reducer. For example, let's say has a reducer. For example, let's say has a reducer. For example, let's say
results. Let's say you have results in results. Let's say you have results in results. Let's say you have results in
state. And this can basically be an state. And this can basically be an state. And this can basically be an
annotated state channel which is a dictionary or a state channel which is a dictionary or a
list list list
which is a list and you can use the add which is a list and you can use the add which is a list and you can use the add
function from operator the add function from operator. So this the add function from operator. So this
is very very important else each result is very very important else each result is very very important else each result
is going to override the previous one. is going to override the previous one. is going to override the previous one.
Each result is going to override the Each result is going to override the Each result is going to override the
previous one. So you want to make sure previous one. So you want to make sure previous one. So you want to make sure
that you have this with the right that you have this with the right that you have this with the right
reducer. Am I doing this right? Um I reducer. Am I doing this right? Um I reducer. Am I doing this right? Um I
think it's this. Yeah. So you make sure think it's this. Yeah. So you make sure think it's this. Yeah. So you make sure
that you add the data type. This is that you add the data type. This is that you add the data type. This is
going to be a list and we're going to be going to be a list and we're going to be going to be a list and we're going to be
adding to the list. So we add all the adding to the list. So we add all the adding to the list. So we add all the
results and then you can then process results and then you can then process results and then you can then process
the results yourself. You can you can the results yourself. You can you can the results yourself. You can you can
take the result state variable and you take the result state variable and you take the result state variable and you
can loop over it to generate your final can loop over it to generate your final can loop over it to generate your final
result. Here you do the classification result. Here you do the classification result. Here you do the classification
step, you do the fan out step using send step, you do the fan out step using send step, you do the fan out step using send
and then you synthesize by making sure and then you synthesize by making sure and then you synthesize by making sure
that each agent is sending their results that each agent is sending their results that each agent is sending their results
to this results variable that you have to this results variable that you have to this results variable that you have
added a reducer an additive reducer to. added a reducer an additive reducer to. added a reducer an additive reducer to.
So yeah, that is how you ensure that So yeah, that is how you ensure that So yeah, that is how you ensure that
your results are collated. Let's go your results are collated. Let's go your results are collated. Let's go
back. an important thing to discuss back. an important thing to discuss back. an important thing to discuss
because it will most likely be a because it will most likely be a because it will most likely be a
question that has been going across your question that has been going across your question that has been going across your
mind as we are working on this or rather mind as we are working on this or rather mind as we are working on this or rather
as we're discussing this pattern which as we're discussing this pattern which as we're discussing this pattern which
is how does it really how is it really is how does it really how is it really is how does it really how is it really
different from sub agents? How is it different from sub agents? How is it different from sub agents? How is it
really different from sub aent? So let really different from sub aent? So let really different from sub aent? So let
us dedicate this section of the video to us dedicate this section of the video to us dedicate this section of the video to
router versus sub aents. Router versus router versus sub aents. Router versus router versus sub aents. Router versus
sub aents. Let's dedicate this section sub aents. Let's dedicate this section sub aents. Let's dedicate this section
to router versus sub aent and let's see to router versus sub aent and let's see to router versus sub aent and let's see
how they compare. The first heading how they compare. The first heading how they compare. The first heading
we're going to be discussing this under we're going to be discussing this under we're going to be discussing this under
under under under
is routing decision. is routing decision. is routing decision.
How they make routing decisions. Let me How they make routing decisions. Let me How they make routing decisions. Let me
see if I can have some sort of tabular see if I can have some sort of tabular see if I can have some sort of tabular
stuff here. So this will be router and stuff here. So this will be router and stuff here. So this will be router and
here we have sub aents. Router and sub here we have sub aents. Router and sub here we have sub aents. Router and sub
aent. So first is routing. First is aent. So first is routing. First is aent. So first is routing. First is
routing. How do they make routing routing. How do they make routing routing. How do they make routing
decisions? Routing decision. Let's be decisions? Routing decision. Let's be decisions? Routing decision. Let's be
explicit. Routing decision. A router explicit. Routing decision. A router explicit. Routing decision. A router
makes his routing decision through makes his routing decision through makes his routing decision through
classification through a classification classification through a classification classification through a classification
step. That's how a router makes his step. That's how a router makes his step. That's how a router makes his
routing decision. routing decision. routing decision.
By the way, I think I need a line. By the way, I think I need a line. By the way, I think I need a line.
I think this would Yeah, let's do this. I think this would Yeah, let's do this. I think this would Yeah, let's do this.
Some lines here. Some lines here. Some lines here.
Let's put another one here. Let's put another one here. Let's put another one here.
Yeah, that's good. Yeah, that's good. Yeah, that's good.
So, So, So,
a router makes it routing decision a router makes it routing decision a router makes it routing decision
through a classification step. So it's a through a classification step. So it's a through a classification step. So it's a
very structured step and it produces a very structured step and it produces a very structured step and it produces a
structured output. However, structured output. However, structured output. However,
the supervisor the supervisor the supervisor
does dynamic reasoning. does dynamic reasoning. does dynamic reasoning.
Dynamic reasoning. So the supervisor is Dynamic reasoning. So the supervisor is Dynamic reasoning. So the supervisor is
the one that uses an LLM to determine the one that uses an LLM to determine the one that uses an LLM to determine
what he should call, when he should call what he should call, when he should call what he should call, when he should call
it, how he should call it, should he it, how he should call it, should he it, how he should call it, should he
call something in parallel, then one call something in parallel, then one call something in parallel, then one
order later. order later. order later.
The reasoning is dynamic. So that's why The reasoning is dynamic. So that's why The reasoning is dynamic. So that's why
they added as tools because LLMs can they added as tools because LLMs can they added as tools because LLMs can
better handle tools. So a router's better handle tools. So a router's better handle tools. So a router's
routing is structured use is a routing is structured use is a routing is structured use is a
classification step breaks it down into classification step breaks it down into classification step breaks it down into
a bounded list of actions. Whereas the a bounded list of actions. Whereas the a bounded list of actions. Whereas the
routing for sub aent is dynamic. The routing for sub aent is dynamic. The routing for sub aent is dynamic. The
next is next is next is
when routing happens. when routing happens. when routing happens.
When does the routing happen? When does When does the routing happen? When does When does the routing happen? When does
the routing happen? For the router, the the routing happen? For the router, the the routing happen? For the router, the
routing is always once and up front. It routing is always once and up front. It routing is always once and up front. It
only routes once. It does it only routes once. It does it only routes once. It does it
classification step. Does the classification step. Does the classification step. Does the
classification step determines where it classification step determines where it classification step determines where it
should go routes and is done. It's not should go routes and is done. It's not should go routes and is done. It's not
going back and forth. It's not coming going back and forth. It's not coming going back and forth. It's not coming
back. He's is going to route parallel back. He's is going to route parallel back. He's is going to route parallel
once. Synthesize the result and once. Synthesize the result and once. Synthesize the result and
everything is done up front and once. everything is done up front and once. everything is done up front and once.
But that of sub agent goes on But that of sub agent goes on But that of sub agent goes on
continuously. Continuously and even continuously. Continuously and even continuously. Continuously and even
during No, no, no. That that's not during No, no, no. That that's not during No, no, no. That that's not
right. It goes on continuously during right. It goes on continuously during right. It goes on continuously during
the conversation. Yeah. That of sub the conversation. Yeah. That of sub the conversation. Yeah. That of sub
agent goes on continuously during the agent goes on continuously during the agent goes on continuously during the
conversation. So it keeps getting conversation. So it keeps getting conversation. So it keeps getting
context back keeps getting context back context back keeps getting context back context back keeps getting context back
from results of previous routing from results of previous routing from results of previous routing
decisions and determining whether it's decisions and determining whether it's decisions and determining whether it's
to make another routing decision or to to make another routing decision or to to make another routing decision or to
return the final answer and stuff like return the final answer and stuff like return the final answer and stuff like
that. So everything is dynamic. Next is that. So everything is dynamic. Next is that. So everything is dynamic. Next is
parallelism. Parallelism in the router parallelism. Parallelism in the router parallelism. Parallelism in the router
pattern. Parallelism is native. pattern. Parallelism is native. pattern. Parallelism is native.
Parallelism is the native execution. Parallelism is the native execution. Parallelism is the native execution.
Like I told you, don't use router if you Like I told you, don't use router if you Like I told you, don't use router if you
don't have parallel operations to run. don't have parallel operations to run. don't have parallel operations to run.
Don't go there. So is native. That's the Don't go there. So is native. That's the Don't go there. So is native. That's the
native execution. For native execution. For native execution. For
sub aent, sub aent, sub aent,
it's possible but supervisor controlled. it's possible but supervisor controlled. it's possible but supervisor controlled.
It's controlled by the supervisor. It's It's controlled by the supervisor. It's It's controlled by the supervisor. It's
possible but the supervisor gets to possible but the supervisor gets to possible but the supervisor gets to
control when it is done. So is is is a control when it is done. So is is is a control when it is done. So is is is a
runtime decision. Also how does runtime decision. Also how does runtime decision. Also how does
multi-turn happen? How does multi-turn multi-turn happen? How does multi-turn multi-turn happen? How does multi-turn
happen in a router? happen in a router? happen in a router?
Multi-turn is stateless. So typically Multi-turn is stateless. So typically Multi-turn is stateless. So typically
stateless you just run a single request stateless you just run a single request stateless you just run a single request
through it breaks it down runs it in through it breaks it down runs it in through it breaks it down runs it in
parallel and that's done. And that's parallel and that's done. And that's parallel and that's done. And that's
done. The uh execution step is not done. The uh execution step is not done. The uh execution step is not
trying to get feedback and decide on trying to get feedback and decide on trying to get feedback and decide on
what next to do. So other information is what next to do. So other information is what next to do. So other information is
not necessary. Whereas in sub aent you not necessary. Whereas in sub aent you not necessary. Whereas in sub aent you
need that state to operate. So this is need that state to operate. So this is need that state to operate. So this is
naturally stateful. Of course you can naturally stateful. Of course you can naturally stateful. Of course you can
always add a checkpoint to your router always add a checkpoint to your router always add a checkpoint to your router
and run it on several turns. But it just and run it on several turns. But it just and run it on several turns. But it just
runs it's just good for running parallel runs it's just good for running parallel runs it's just good for running parallel
tasks straight up and getting your tasks straight up and getting your tasks straight up and getting your
results back. So that's how multi-turn results back. So that's how multi-turn results back. So that's how multi-turn
happens. So what about happens. So what about happens. So what about
subtasks subtasks subtasks
or sub questions in a router? or sub questions in a router? or sub questions in a router?
This is generated by the classifier. So This is generated by the classifier. So This is generated by the classifier. So
the classifier already generates every the classifier already generates every the classifier already generates every
thing that is needed. Any follow-up thing that is needed. Any follow-up thing that is needed. Any follow-up
questions, any 1 A, 1 B, all those kind questions, any 1 A, 1 B, all those kind questions, any 1 A, 1 B, all those kind
of multi-level querying. of multi-level querying. of multi-level querying.
Meanwhile, in sub agents, this is Meanwhile, in sub agents, this is Meanwhile, in sub agents, this is
generated generated generated
by the supervisor on demand. Is by the supervisor on demand. Is by the supervisor on demand. Is
generated by the supervisor on demand. generated by the supervisor on demand. generated by the supervisor on demand.
So the whole dynamic thing is still So the whole dynamic thing is still So the whole dynamic thing is still
going on. Next, how is syn test is done? going on. Next, how is syn test is done? going on. Next, how is syn test is done?
How are the results collected? Since How are the results collected? Since How are the results collected? Since
both of them are going to be working both of them are going to be working both of them are going to be working
with multiple agents, how is the entire with multiple agents, how is the entire with multiple agents, how is the entire
result going to be collected? result going to be collected? result going to be collected?
For a router, there's a dedicated For a router, there's a dedicated For a router, there's a dedicated
synthesis step. For the router, there's synthesis step. For the router, there's synthesis step. For the router, there's
a dedicated synthesis step as we have a dedicated synthesis step as we have a dedicated synthesis step as we have
seen. However, for sub aent, the seen. However, for sub aent, the seen. However, for sub aent, the
supervisor synthesizes supervisor supervisor synthesizes supervisor supervisor synthesizes supervisor
synthesizes for sub aent. Next, synthesizes for sub aent. Next, synthesizes for sub aent. Next,
how about complexity? how about complexity? how about complexity?
Complexity Complexity Complexity
and you have guessed this and you have guessed this and you have guessed this
in my opinion in my opinion in my opinion
is more structured. is more structured. is more structured.
Not my opinion actually is the way it Not my opinion actually is the way it Not my opinion actually is the way it
is. It's more structured and explicit. is. It's more structured and explicit. is. It's more structured and explicit.
So we can say that it is less complex. So we can say that it is less complex. So we can say that it is less complex.
Whereas Whereas Whereas
once you start dealing with flexibility once you start dealing with flexibility once you start dealing with flexibility
and dynamism which is very very good and dynamism which is very very good and dynamism which is very very good
things get more complex. So I believe things get more complex. So I believe things get more complex. So I believe
sub aents can really get complex with sub aents can really get complex with sub aents can really get complex with
time especially when it comes to time especially when it comes to time especially when it comes to
debugging and tracing and all that. Now debugging and tracing and all that. Now debugging and tracing and all that. Now
what is this best for? What are they what is this best for? What are they what is this best for? What are they
best for? Router is best for situations best for? Router is best for situations best for? Router is best for situations
where you have known verticals for where you have known verticals for where you have known verticals for
example like a parallel research. example like a parallel research. example like a parallel research.
Parallel research. Parallel research. Parallel research.
Let's go a step down. This is the last Let's go a step down. This is the last Let's go a step down. This is the last
point anyway. Then uh sub aent is better point anyway. Then uh sub aent is better point anyway. Then uh sub aent is better
for dynamic routing for dynamic routing for dynamic routing
and a conversation scenario. Like I said and a conversation scenario. Like I said and a conversation scenario. Like I said
in the sub agents video, I'm planning to in the sub agents video, I'm planning to in the sub agents video, I'm planning to
create a course where we get to build create a course where we get to build create a course where we get to build
charg from from scratch with all his charg from from scratch with all his charg from from scratch with all his
basic features and I feel that sub basic features and I feel that sub basic features and I feel that sub
agents is going to be the best for that. agents is going to be the best for that. agents is going to be the best for that.
It can hold a conversation and can call It can hold a conversation and can call It can hold a conversation and can call
multiple agents on the ground to perform multiple agents on the ground to perform multiple agents on the ground to perform
more specialized tasks. So yeah, more specialized tasks. So yeah, more specialized tasks. So yeah,
these are your differences. These are these are your differences. These are these are your differences. These are
your differences between uh the router your differences between uh the router your differences between uh the router
design pattern and the sub agent design pattern and the sub agent design pattern and the sub agent
pattern. This is your wall of uh pattern. This is your wall of uh pattern. This is your wall of uh
decision your decision framework and I decision your decision framework and I decision your decision framework and I
hope this finally answers any question hope this finally answers any question hope this finally answers any question
around the differences between the around the differences between the around the differences between the
router pattern and the sub agents router pattern and the sub agents router pattern and the sub agents
pattern. Now let us take a look at pattern. Now let us take a look at pattern. Now let us take a look at
benefits and trade-offs. benefits and trade-offs. benefits and trade-offs.
Benefits and trade-offs. Benefits on Benefits and trade-offs. Benefits on Benefits and trade-offs. Benefits on
this side. Back to writing writing this side. Back to writing writing this side. Back to writing writing
benefits benefits benefits
and uh nope. And trade-offs. Get rid of and uh nope. And trade-offs. Get rid of and uh nope. And trade-offs. Get rid of
this out of here. So benefits and this out of here. So benefits and this out of here. So benefits and
trade-offs. trade-offs. trade-offs.
of the router pattern. First super of the router pattern. First super of the router pattern. First super
obvious benefit obvious benefit obvious benefit
is parallel execution. Parallel is parallel execution. Parallel is parallel execution. Parallel
execution is native to this design execution is native to this design execution is native to this design
pattern. So once you have a system that pattern. So once you have a system that pattern. So once you have a system that
requires parallel execution specifically requires parallel execution specifically requires parallel execution specifically
this is a strong pattern to consider. So this is a strong pattern to consider. So this is a strong pattern to consider. So
parallel execution which provides parallel execution which provides parallel execution which provides
significant latency reduction compared significant latency reduction compared significant latency reduction compared
to sequential flows. Next, when you have to sequential flows. Next, when you have to sequential flows. Next, when you have
targeted queries, when your queries are targeted queries, when your queries are targeted queries, when your queries are
defined and targeted, you want to defined and targeted, you want to defined and targeted, you want to
consider routing pattern is a system consider routing pattern is a system consider routing pattern is a system
where you know that out of the whole where you know that out of the whole where you know that out of the whole
task, each agent is going to get an task, each agent is going to get an task, each agent is going to get an
optimized sub question. optimized sub question. optimized sub question.
Just go with router. Go with the routing Just go with router. Go with the routing Just go with router. Go with the routing
pattern. Next is pattern. Next is pattern. Next is
selective routing. So, a lot a bunch of selective routing. So, a lot a bunch of selective routing. So, a lot a bunch of
the characteristics are basically the the characteristics are basically the the characteristics are basically the
advantages. Only relevant agents are advantages. Only relevant agents are advantages. Only relevant agents are
invoked. invoked. invoked.
Also, there's clean separation. There's Also, there's clean separation. There's Also, there's clean separation. There's
clean separation. Context doesn't leak clean separation. Context doesn't leak clean separation. Context doesn't leak
into one another. Each agent gets to do into one another. Each agent gets to do into one another. Each agent gets to do
their work without being bothered by their work without being bothered by their work without being bothered by
others operation. Also, it is scalable. others operation. Also, it is scalable. others operation. Also, it is scalable.
Yeah, it is scalable. You can keep Yeah, it is scalable. You can keep Yeah, it is scalable. You can keep
adding specialists and it knows when to adding specialists and it knows when to adding specialists and it knows when to
call which and it calls them in parallel call which and it calls them in parallel call which and it calls them in parallel
making it very very efficient. So making it very very efficient. So making it very very efficient. So
vertical agents just working on their vertical agents just working on their vertical agents just working on their
specializations specializations specializations
also it's predictable. also it's predictable. also it's predictable.
It's quite predictable. I think of all It's quite predictable. I think of all It's quite predictable. I think of all
the design patterns it is the most the design patterns it is the most the design patterns it is the most
predictable. Very predictable. You know predictable. Very predictable. You know predictable. Very predictable. You know
the steps. You know the decisions it the steps. You know the decisions it the steps. You know the decisions it
will make. You know how it will make will make. You know how it will make will make. You know how it will make
them. You know how it will finish off. them. You know how it will finish off. them. You know how it will finish off.
So it's just awesome. And the more So it's just awesome. And the more So it's just awesome. And the more
predictability the easier things are to predictability the easier things are to predictability the easier things are to
debug. You have explicit routing logic debug. You have explicit routing logic debug. You have explicit routing logic
straightforward when it comes to straightforward when it comes to straightforward when it comes to
debugging. Also cost control. Cost debugging. Also cost control. Cost debugging. Also cost control. Cost
control is another strong benefit. You control is another strong benefit. You control is another strong benefit. You
know which agents will run. You know how know which agents will run. You know how know which agents will run. You know how
they will run. So you can kind of they will run. So you can kind of they will run. So you can kind of
estimate what they will consume in terms estimate what they will consume in terms estimate what they will consume in terms
of tokens. So that that would help you of tokens. So that that would help you of tokens. So that that would help you
uh because when each agent run, you can uh because when each agent run, you can uh because when each agent run, you can
even do things like um configuring the even do things like um configuring the even do things like um configuring the
model max tokens. So based on how model max tokens. So based on how model max tokens. So based on how
elaborate you want the work to be. For elaborate you want the work to be. For elaborate you want the work to be. For
example, in research which is going example, in research which is going example, in research which is going
which is one of the strong use cases. which is one of the strong use cases. which is one of the strong use cases.
You want the research to be very very You want the research to be very very You want the research to be very very
elaborate. you want to allow it to use elaborate. you want to allow it to use elaborate. you want to allow it to use
as much tokens as possible. But if it's as much tokens as possible. But if it's as much tokens as possible. But if it's
just going to be like compact uh just going to be like compact uh just going to be like compact uh
information that you want to get from information that you want to get from information that you want to get from
each research by each agent, you can set each research by each agent, you can set each research by each agent, you can set
a max tokens. Don't use more than 5,000 a max tokens. Don't use more than 5,000 a max tokens. Don't use more than 5,000
tokens. Just use more than 5,000 tokens. tokens. Just use more than 5,000 tokens. tokens. Just use more than 5,000 tokens.
And you can do that because you know And you can do that because you know And you can do that because you know
that you can still get enough that you can still get enough that you can still get enough
information to produce a reasonable information to produce a reasonable information to produce a reasonable
final result. But if you limit tokens final result. But if you limit tokens final result. But if you limit tokens
when you're using sub agents, it might when you're using sub agents, it might when you're using sub agents, it might
cut off their decision making. it might cut off their decision making. it might cut off their decision making. it might
cut off their flow and it will just cut off their flow and it will just cut off their flow and it will just
truncate the entire uh process. So here truncate the entire uh process. So here truncate the entire uh process. So here
you have more grip on the cost. Now you have more grip on the cost. Now you have more grip on the cost. Now
let's look at trade-offs. Let's look at let's look at trade-offs. Let's look at let's look at trade-offs. Let's look at
trade-offs. First it is stateless by trade-offs. First it is stateless by trade-offs. First it is stateless by
default. It is stateless by default. So default. It is stateless by default. So default. It is stateless by default. So
each independent um work is independent. each independent um work is independent. each independent um work is independent.
You will need extra work for multi-turn You will need extra work for multi-turn You will need extra work for multi-turn
conversations. So I would advise them conversations. So I would advise them conversations. So I would advise them
for multi conversations. But if you need for multi conversations. But if you need for multi conversations. But if you need
to, you will have to do more work with to, you will have to do more work with to, you will have to do more work with
checkpointers and feeding back state to checkpointers and feeding back state to checkpointers and feeding back state to
uh every single agent and bundling it up uh every single agent and bundling it up uh every single agent and bundling it up
with the classification step and all with the classification step and all with the classification step and all
that. So that can introduce some extra that. So that can introduce some extra that. So that can introduce some extra
complexity. Also, there's a complexity. Also, there's a complexity. Also, there's a
classification overhead. There's a classification overhead. There's a classification overhead. There's a
classification overhead. So you have to classification overhead. So you have to classification overhead. So you have to
actually call an LLM at that point. actually call an LLM at that point. actually call an LLM at that point.
Yeah, you have to call an LLM to Yeah, you have to call an LLM to Yeah, you have to call an LLM to
actually help you break that down. The actually help you break that down. The actually help you break that down. The
predictability can also become quite predictability can also become quite predictability can also become quite
rigid. So it can dynamically make rigid. So it can dynamically make rigid. So it can dynamically make
decisions. can't dynamically make decisions. can't dynamically make decisions. can't dynamically make
decisions. The decisions don't go decisions. The decisions don't go decisions. The decisions don't go
further than just breaking things down further than just breaking things down further than just breaking things down
and picking the agents to work on it. and picking the agents to work on it. and picking the agents to work on it.
There's no dynamism made execution. You There's no dynamism made execution. You There's no dynamism made execution. You
can't adjust it flow. It's just so go can't adjust it flow. It's just so go can't adjust it flow. It's just so go
and it goes. So you can't you can't make and it goes. So you can't you can't make and it goes. So you can't you can't make
edits or have some sort of intelligent edits or have some sort of intelligent edits or have some sort of intelligent
rerouting. rerouting. rerouting.
So that's one more thing. Also the So that's one more thing. Also the So that's one more thing. Also the
quality of the synthesis. the quality of quality of the synthesis. the quality of quality of the synthesis. the quality of
the synthesis. You have to provide a the synthesis. You have to provide a the synthesis. You have to provide a
strong synthesis prompt to make sure strong synthesis prompt to make sure strong synthesis prompt to make sure
that it is synthesizing correctly. If that it is synthesizing correctly. If that it is synthesizing correctly. If
you provide weak instructions, it's just you provide weak instructions, it's just you provide weak instructions, it's just
going to give you a very subpar report going to give you a very subpar report going to give you a very subpar report
or result. So, you have to make sure or result. So, you have to make sure or result. So, you have to make sure
that you explicitly detail how you want that you explicitly detail how you want that you explicitly detail how you want
the response to be presented. Another the response to be presented. Another the response to be presented. Another
thing is that there is no agent thing is that there is no agent thing is that there is no agent
interaction. interaction. interaction.
Yeah, Yeah, Yeah,
it is one of the few systems that the it is one of the few systems that the it is one of the few systems that the
agents don't collaborate in any form of agents don't collaborate in any form of agents don't collaborate in any form of
way. Even sub agents they in a way way. Even sub agents they in a way way. Even sub agents they in a way
collaborate through the main agent. They collaborate through the main agent. They collaborate through the main agent. They
can feed off each other's context. But can feed off each other's context. But can feed off each other's context. But
here nothing like that. The agents don't here nothing like that. The agents don't here nothing like that. The agents don't
interact at all. Agents can't consult interact at all. Agents can't consult interact at all. Agents can't consult
each other. You have to be feeding each other. You have to be feeding each other. You have to be feeding
context if need be and that is not even context if need be and that is not even context if need be and that is not even
the best use case for it. So you might the best use case for it. So you might the best use case for it. So you might
want to pick a a different pattern at want to pick a a different pattern at want to pick a a different pattern at
that point. Also query decomposition. that point. Also query decomposition. that point. Also query decomposition.
This is similar to synthesis quality or This is similar to synthesis quality or This is similar to synthesis quality or
if you don't provide good instructions if you don't provide good instructions if you don't provide good instructions
on how the classifier should split the on how the classifier should split the on how the classifier should split the
query, you're going to be splitting query, you're going to be splitting query, you're going to be splitting
wrong, delegating wrong and at the end wrong, delegating wrong and at the end wrong, delegating wrong and at the end
of the day is going to be garbage in of the day is going to be garbage in of the day is going to be garbage in
garbage out. So your eventual response garbage out. So your eventual response garbage out. So your eventual response
or results is not going to be good or results is not going to be good or results is not going to be good
enough and it can it can even be almost enough and it can it can even be almost enough and it can it can even be almost
useless. So you want to make sure that useless. So you want to make sure that useless. So you want to make sure that
you write proper prompts for your you write proper prompts for your you write proper prompts for your
classifier so that the model can classifier so that the model can classifier so that the model can
properly classify your task. So those properly classify your task. So those properly classify your task. So those
are our benefits and trade-offs. And if are our benefits and trade-offs. And if are our benefits and trade-offs. And if
you have been following you know it is you have been following you know it is you have been following you know it is
time you've been following from other time you've been following from other time you've been following from other
videos you know it is time for use videos you know it is time for use videos you know it is time for use
cases. It's time for use cases. So cases. It's time for use cases. So cases. It's time for use cases. So
reduce these guys and talk use cases. reduce these guys and talk use cases. reduce these guys and talk use cases.
What are the use cases for the routing What are the use cases for the routing What are the use cases for the routing
pattern? The first one is may have pattern? The first one is may have pattern? The first one is may have
guessed it multissource guessed it multissource guessed it multissource
knowledge. Multissource knowledge knowledge. Multissource knowledge knowledge. Multissource knowledge
operations. So you need to pull operations. So you need to pull operations. So you need to pull
knowledge across different sources. knowledge across different sources. knowledge across different sources.
Search across different sources in Search across different sources in Search across different sources in
parallel. The sources can be documents, parallel. The sources can be documents, parallel. The sources can be documents,
they can be websites, they can be they can be websites, they can be they can be websites, they can be
discussion boards, they can be from discussion boards, they can be from discussion boards, they can be from
code. Yes, this pattern can help you code. Yes, this pattern can help you code. Yes, this pattern can help you
excellently. excellently. excellently.
Another use case is research queries Another use case is research queries Another use case is research queries
which is the example that we have been which is the example that we have been which is the example that we have been
riding on throughout this video. riding on throughout this video. riding on throughout this video.
Research queries. So you consult Research queries. So you consult Research queries. So you consult
multiple databases, multiple information multiple databases, multiple information multiple databases, multiple information
banks for research purposes. banks for research purposes. banks for research purposes.
Also if you want to compare, Also if you want to compare, Also if you want to compare,
you have comparison questions. Oh, who you have comparison questions. Oh, who you have comparison questions. Oh, who
is better Ronaldo or Messi? So you start is better Ronaldo or Messi? So you start is better Ronaldo or Messi? So you start
you spin uh different agents, one with you spin uh different agents, one with you spin uh different agents, one with
good knowledge of Ronaldo, one with good good knowledge of Ronaldo, one with good good knowledge of Ronaldo, one with good
knowledge of Messi, they start knowledge of Messi, they start knowledge of Messi, they start
collecting stats, they got start going collecting stats, they got start going collecting stats, they got start going
through their their their football through their their their football through their their their football
history, fitness, decision making, even history, fitness, decision making, even history, fitness, decision making, even
soft skills like how they interact with soft skills like how they interact with soft skills like how they interact with
their players, their coach and their players, their coach and their players, their coach and
everything and then bring together a everything and then bring together a everything and then bring together a
full comparison between Ronaldo and full comparison between Ronaldo and full comparison between Ronaldo and
Messi. So if you have comparison Messi. So if you have comparison Messi. So if you have comparison
questions, you need to compare two questions, you need to compare two questions, you need to compare two
things. It's is is very perfect. is very things. It's is is very perfect. is very things. It's is is very perfect. is very
perfect for that use case. Also, perfect for that use case. Also, perfect for that use case. Also,
aggregation aggregation aggregation
aggregation queries if you just want to aggregation queries if you just want to aggregation queries if you just want to
pull let's say uh you want to do a pull let's say uh you want to do a pull let's say uh you want to do a
research and say what are the top five research and say what are the top five research and say what are the top five
aentic tools what are the top five aentic tools what are the top five aentic tools what are the top five
agentic tools. So you can go out do that agentic tools. So you can go out do that agentic tools. So you can go out do that
research and then synthesize and give research and then synthesize and give research and then synthesize and give
you the top five aentic tools. You can you the top five aentic tools. You can you the top five aentic tools. You can
also use it for opinion gathering. Oh also use it for opinion gathering. Oh also use it for opinion gathering. Oh
what do news websites say about the what do news websites say about the what do news websites say about the
COVID vaccine? It will go out pull COVID vaccine? It will go out pull COVID vaccine? It will go out pull
information from different news websites information from different news websites information from different news websites
and give you different opinions from and give you different opinions from and give you different opinions from
different sources and how they compare. different sources and how they compare. different sources and how they compare.
Also, it is very good for operating rag Also, it is very good for operating rag Also, it is very good for operating rag
pipelines. pipelines. pipelines.
So, if you have rag with multiple So, if you have rag with multiple So, if you have rag with multiple
retrievers, you have a rag system with retrievers, you have a rag system with retrievers, you have a rag system with
multiple retrievers. multiple retrievers. multiple retrievers.
You can perform a genic rag. Sorry. You can perform a genic rag. Sorry. You can perform a genic rag. Sorry.
Multiple retrievers can perform a genic Multiple retrievers can perform a genic Multiple retrievers can perform a genic
rag and have this pull from a database, rag and have this pull from a database, rag and have this pull from a database,
pull from different vector stores for pull from different vector stores for pull from different vector stores for
different types of content. You can just different types of content. You can just different types of content. You can just
pull from different sources and collect pull from different sources and collect pull from different sources and collect
them into a single context. So that's them into a single context. So that's them into a single context. So that's
another thing that you can use this for. another thing that you can use this for. another thing that you can use this for.
Also API aggregation. Also API aggregation. Also API aggregation.
API aggregation. You can use it to call API aggregation. You can use it to call API aggregation. You can use it to call
multiple APIs in parallel and synthesize multiple APIs in parallel and synthesize multiple APIs in parallel and synthesize
their results. Uh most of these things their results. Uh most of these things their results. Uh most of these things
will be done through APIs anyway. So will be done through APIs anyway. So will be done through APIs anyway. So
this is more like a foundational use this is more like a foundational use this is more like a foundational use
case that kind of covers all these a lot case that kind of covers all these a lot case that kind of covers all these a lot
of these other guys especially the first of these other guys especially the first of these other guys especially the first
four. Yeah. All all these things will be four. Yeah. All all these things will be four. Yeah. All all these things will be
done through APIs. So any type of API done through APIs. So any type of API done through APIs. So any type of API
aggregation you want to do this design aggregation you want to do this design aggregation you want to do this design
pattern which is a routing pattern can pattern which is a routing pattern can pattern which is a routing pattern can
help you with that. And that's the help you with that. And that's the help you with that. And that's the
routing pattern. 