you know, the model is going to you know, the model is going to
dominate. The harness lets the agent dominate. The harness lets the agent dominate. The harness lets the agent
shine, but this is like a new inner loop shine, but this is like a new inner loop shine, but this is like a new inner loop
that I think we're all kind of figuring that I think we're all kind of figuring that I think we're all kind of figuring
out how to optimize. The agent should out how to optimize. The agent should out how to optimize. The agent should
really be deciding what to do. [music] Hello everyone. I'm happy to have uh Hello everyone. I'm happy to have uh
Michael Bolan today for the interview Michael Bolan today for the interview Michael Bolan today for the interview
and he is the lead for open source and he is the lead for open source and he is the lead for open source
codeex. Michael, thank you for joining codeex. Michael, thank you for joining codeex. Michael, thank you for joining
me. me. me.
&gt;&gt; Thank you. It's great to be here. So um &gt;&gt; Thank you. It's great to be here. So um &gt;&gt; Thank you. It's great to be here. So um
you know currently people often think you know currently people often think you know currently people often think
the story of AI coding is just the model the story of AI coding is just the model the story of AI coding is just the model
writes code but a lot of teams building writes code but a lot of teams building writes code but a lot of teams building
agents say that the real shift is to agents say that the real shift is to agents say that the real shift is to
designing the environment around the designing the environment around the designing the environment around the
models. What side are you on? models. What side are you on? models. What side are you on?
&gt;&gt; Certainly you know the model is going to &gt;&gt; Certainly you know the model is going to &gt;&gt; Certainly you know the model is going to
dominate uh the experience for sure. dominate uh the experience for sure. dominate uh the experience for sure.
There's still a lot of room for There's still a lot of room for There's still a lot of room for
innovation in the harness right it's not innovation in the harness right it's not innovation in the harness right it's not
a pure uh research problem. I would say a pure uh research problem. I would say a pure uh research problem. I would say
in particular for our team, it's been in particular for our team, it's been in particular for our team, it's been
that relationship between, you know, the that relationship between, you know, the that relationship between, you know, the
engineering side and the research side engineering side and the research side engineering side and the research side
and co-developing the agent, right? and co-developing the agent, right? and co-developing the agent, right?
Making sure that anyone can have ideas Making sure that anyone can have ideas Making sure that anyone can have ideas
about how the agent should work, making about how the agent should work, making about how the agent should work, making
sure that the harness lets the agent sure that the harness lets the agent sure that the harness lets the agent
shine and do the best things that it can shine and do the best things that it can shine and do the best things that it can
do and then giving the right tooling to do and then giving the right tooling to do and then giving the right tooling to
the agent, making sure that it gets used the agent, making sure that it gets used the agent, making sure that it gets used
in training so that things are in in training so that things are in in training so that things are in
distribution, you know, when we ship it distribution, you know, when we ship it distribution, you know, when we ship it
as a as a product to the world. as a as a product to the world. as a as a product to the world.
&gt;&gt; Let's maybe define harness and why it &gt;&gt; Let's maybe define harness and why it &gt;&gt; Let's maybe define harness and why it
becomes so important. becomes so important. becomes so important.
&gt;&gt; Sure. So yeah, the the harness is uh you &gt;&gt; Sure. So yeah, the the harness is uh you &gt;&gt; Sure. So yeah, the the harness is uh you
know we call the agent loop sometimes is know we call the agent loop sometimes is know we call the agent loop sometimes is
the bit that you know calls out to the the bit that you know calls out to the the bit that you know calls out to the
model, samples the model says and gives model, samples the model says and gives model, samples the model says and gives
it the context of you know here's what it the context of you know here's what it the context of you know here's what
I'm trying to do here are the tools that I'm trying to do here are the tools that I'm trying to do here are the tools that
are available to me tell me what to do are available to me tell me what to do are available to me tell me what to do
next and then it gets that response you next and then it gets that response you next and then it gets that response you
know from from the model often that's a know from from the model often that's a know from from the model often that's a
tool call and that says here's the you tool call and that says here's the you tool call and that says here's the you
know the tool I want you to call with know the tool I want you to call with know the tool I want you to call with
these arguments you know let me know these arguments you know let me know these arguments you know let me know
what came back and you know sometimes what came back and you know sometimes what came back and you know sometimes
these tools could be pretty these tools could be pretty these tools could be pretty
straightforward like run this executable straightforward like run this executable straightforward like run this executable
tell me what standard out was, what was tell me what standard out was, what was tell me what standard out was, what was
the exit code, and that's the end of it. the exit code, and that's the end of it. the exit code, and that's the end of it.
You know, we've done a lot more You know, we've done a lot more You know, we've done a lot more
experiments there with more experiments there with more experiments there with more
sophisticated tools for controlling the sophisticated tools for controlling the sophisticated tools for controlling the
the machine, controlling the user's the machine, controlling the user's the machine, controlling the user's
laptop. So, it's a more interactive laptop. So, it's a more interactive laptop. So, it's a more interactive
terminal session and not just kind of terminal session and not just kind of terminal session and not just kind of
simple shelling out of commands or I simple shelling out of commands or I simple shelling out of commands or I
could say, you know, do this web search could say, you know, do this web search could say, you know, do this web search
or these various things to harness a lot or these various things to harness a lot or these various things to harness a lot
of what we do on codecs in particular. of what we do on codecs in particular. of what we do on codecs in particular.
uh because it is, you know, primarily a uh because it is, you know, primarily a uh because it is, you know, primarily a
coding agent and we care tremendously coding agent and we care tremendously coding agent and we care tremendously
about security and sandboxing. And so about security and sandboxing. And so about security and sandboxing. And so
what that means is that it's the harness what that means is that it's the harness what that means is that it's the harness
that takes these shell commands or or that takes these shell commands or or that takes these shell commands or or
you know computer use commands from the you know computer use commands from the you know computer use commands from the
from the model and ensures that they run from the model and ensures that they run from the model and ensures that they run
you in a sandbox or under whatever you in a sandbox or under whatever you in a sandbox or under whatever
policy the user decided to give the the policy the user decided to give the the policy the user decided to give the the
agent. There turns out to be a lot of agent. There turns out to be a lot of agent. There turns out to be a lot of
complexity in that area. It's important complexity in that area. It's important complexity in that area. It's important
that I mean critical I would say that we that I mean critical I would say that we that I mean critical I would say that we
not only can you know expose all the not only can you know expose all the not only can you know expose all the
intelligence of the model but do it intelligence of the model but do it intelligence of the model but do it
safely on the user's machine. safely on the user's machine. safely on the user's machine.
&gt;&gt; How do you do it uh when you open &gt;&gt; How do you do it uh when you open &gt;&gt; How do you do it uh when you open
sourcing codecs? sourcing codecs? sourcing codecs?
&gt;&gt; Oh the safety side of it you mean? &gt;&gt; Oh the safety side of it you mean? &gt;&gt; Oh the safety side of it you mean?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. The nice thing is you can actually &gt;&gt; Yeah. The nice thing is you can actually &gt;&gt; Yeah. The nice thing is you can actually
see all of this because it's in in our see all of this because it's in in our see all of this because it's in in our
repo. And so we do different things for repo. And so we do different things for repo. And so we do different things for
each operating system something specific each operating system something specific each operating system something specific
to each one. So on uh Mac OS there's a to each one. So on uh Mac OS there's a to each one. So on uh Mac OS there's a
technology called seat belt. On Linux we technology called seat belt. On Linux we technology called seat belt. On Linux we
use a a hand a collection of libraries use a a hand a collection of libraries use a a hand a collection of libraries
something called there's a thing called something called there's a thing called something called there's a thing called
bubble wrap and uh set comp and landlock bubble wrap and uh set comp and landlock bubble wrap and uh set comp and landlock
and windows we've actually uh built our and windows we've actually uh built our and windows we've actually uh built our
own sandbox some of these things like own sandbox some of these things like own sandbox some of these things like
seat belt are part of Mac OS so that's seat belt are part of Mac OS so that's seat belt are part of Mac OS so that's
you know not in the open source repo you know not in the open source repo you know not in the open source repo
just how we call it but other things just how we call it but other things just how we call it but other things
like our windows sandbox the code for like our windows sandbox the code for like our windows sandbox the code for
that is in the open source repo and so that is in the open source repo and so that is in the open source repo and so
we you know orchestrate all these calls we you know orchestrate all these calls we you know orchestrate all these calls
that go through the sandbox in the that go through the sandbox in the that go through the sandbox in the
appropriate way for the different tool appropriate way for the different tool appropriate way for the different tool
calls calls calls
&gt;&gt; so when people fork codeex it's all &gt;&gt; so when people fork codeex it's all &gt;&gt; so when people fork codeex it's all
baked in all the safety rules. Right. baked in all the safety rules. Right. baked in all the safety rules. Right.
&gt;&gt; Right. Yes. So yeah, I guess I should I &gt;&gt; Right. Yes. So yeah, I guess I should I &gt;&gt; Right. Yes. So yeah, I guess I should I
should clarify, you know, a detail there should clarify, you know, a detail there should clarify, you know, a detail there
is there's safety and security and is there's safety and security and is there's safety and security and
people use these terms interchangeably people use these terms interchangeably people use these terms interchangeably
in AI a lot and they are subtly in AI a lot and they are subtly in AI a lot and they are subtly
different. So I guess the piece that I'm different. So I guess the piece that I'm different. So I guess the piece that I'm
talking about is more strictly speaking talking about is more strictly speaking talking about is more strictly speaking
I guess on the security side where where I guess on the security side where where I guess on the security side where where
you're saying yes you can run this tool you're saying yes you can run this tool you're saying yes you can run this tool
but you can only read these folders or but you can only read these folders or but you can only read these folders or
write these folders and that sort of write these folders and that sort of write these folders and that sort of
thing. I think most people in the thing. I think most people in the thing. I think most people in the
industry would clarify the safety is industry would clarify the safety is industry would clarify the safety is
actually happening more on the on the actually happening more on the on the actually happening more on the on the
back end side. Making sure that the tool back end side. Making sure that the tool back end side. Making sure that the tool
calls that the model suggests in the calls that the model suggests in the calls that the model suggests in the
first place are safe to to run, right? first place are safe to to run, right? first place are safe to to run, right?
And from the harness's perspective, it's And from the harness's perspective, it's And from the harness's perspective, it's
following orders in a certain sense, following orders in a certain sense, following orders in a certain sense,
right? It's it's it's a faithfully right? It's it's it's a faithfully right? It's it's it's a faithfully
executing the tool calls, but those executing the tool calls, but those executing the tool calls, but those
decisions about what tool calls are safe decisions about what tool calls are safe decisions about what tool calls are safe
to run or appropriate to run are made on to run or appropriate to run are made on to run or appropriate to run are made on
the model. So yes, if you forked Codeex the model. So yes, if you forked Codeex the model. So yes, if you forked Codeex
and you're still talking to our models and you're still talking to our models and you're still talking to our models
and you're, you know, relying on our the and you're, you know, relying on our the and you're, you know, relying on our the
safety uh of our models then then yes, safety uh of our models then then yes, safety uh of our models then then yes,
you get that. If you ran someone else's you get that. If you ran someone else's you get that. If you ran someone else's
model, then you know it's a little bit model, then you know it's a little bit model, then you know it's a little bit
uh I guess a little more up in the air. uh I guess a little more up in the air. uh I guess a little more up in the air.
&gt;&gt; Got it. Since you launch Codex, how does &gt;&gt; Got it. Since you launch Codex, how does &gt;&gt; Got it. Since you launch Codex, how does
it perform? What do you see? It's a it perform? What do you see? It's a it perform? What do you see? It's a
little complicated. There is cle, there little complicated. There is cle, there little complicated. There is cle, there
is app, there is this, there is that. is app, there is this, there is that. is app, there is this, there is that.
But in general, how the audience like But in general, how the audience like But in general, how the audience like
it? it? it?
&gt;&gt; We've had a very very positive response. &gt;&gt; We've had a very very positive response. &gt;&gt; We've had a very very positive response.
I think it's I don't know like 5x in I think it's I don't know like 5x in I think it's I don't know like 5x in
usage in terms of the start of the year. usage in terms of the start of the year. usage in terms of the start of the year.
You know, I mean, going back, we You know, I mean, going back, we You know, I mean, going back, we
launched in April of last year, but it launched in April of last year, but it launched in April of last year, but it
was really in August when GPT5 came out. was really in August when GPT5 came out. was really in August when GPT5 came out.
We did a refresh of the CLI. That's when We did a refresh of the CLI. That's when We did a refresh of the CLI. That's when
it really started really started moving. it really started really started moving. it really started really started moving.
I mean, we you know, we had growth, but I mean, we you know, we had growth, but I mean, we you know, we had growth, but
it really started uh jumping up. Then we it really started uh jumping up. Then we it really started uh jumping up. Then we
did the VS code extension later that did the VS code extension later that did the VS code extension later that
summer or fall and that you know then summer or fall and that you know then summer or fall and that you know then
people really gravitated towards that or people really gravitated towards that or people really gravitated towards that or
that yeah I think believe VS code that yeah I think believe VS code that yeah I think believe VS code
overtook DLI usage and then we launched overtook DLI usage and then we launched overtook DLI usage and then we launched
the app you know at the start of this the app you know at the start of this the app you know at the start of this
year and that has really taken off you year and that has really taken off you year and that has really taken off you
know I think it's really the first of know I think it's really the first of know I think it's really the first of
its kind uh in a lot of ways and uh its kind uh in a lot of ways and uh its kind uh in a lot of ways and uh
that's really resonating with with that's really resonating with with that's really resonating with with
people people people
&gt;&gt; what's so new about it &gt;&gt; what's so new about it &gt;&gt; what's so new about it
&gt;&gt; developers had spent so much time in &gt;&gt; developers had spent so much time in &gt;&gt; developers had spent so much time in
their IDE historically and doesn't make their IDE historically and doesn't make their IDE historically and doesn't make
a lot of sense I think to you to meet a lot of sense I think to you to meet a lot of sense I think to you to meet
users where they are. You know, some users where they are. You know, some users where they are. You know, some
users are in the terminal, so that's why users are in the terminal, so that's why users are in the terminal, so that's why
we have the CLI. A lot of users are in we have the CLI. A lot of users are in we have the CLI. A lot of users are in
in IDE, so that's why we're in, you in IDE, so that's why we're in, you in IDE, so that's why we're in, you
know, VS Code, actually now integrated know, VS Code, actually now integrated know, VS Code, actually now integrated
into Jet Brains and and Xcode. You know, into Jet Brains and and Xcode. You know, into Jet Brains and and Xcode. You know,
it's kind of a very obvious and a it's kind of a very obvious and a it's kind of a very obvious and a
natural place to go to to meet natural place to go to to meet natural place to go to to meet
developers. I think with the Codeex app, developers. I think with the Codeex app, developers. I think with the Codeex app,
right, we've actually established a new right, we've actually established a new right, we've actually established a new
surface. I like to think of it as as a surface. I like to think of it as as a surface. I like to think of it as as a
mission control type of interface where, mission control type of interface where, mission control type of interface where,
you know, now I'm managing many you know, now I'm managing many you know, now I'm managing many
conversations in parallel. But I do conversations in parallel. But I do conversations in parallel. But I do
have, you know, some key pieces of what have, you know, some key pieces of what have, you know, some key pieces of what
you normally expect in a traditional ID. you normally expect in a traditional ID. you normally expect in a traditional ID.
So you can browse the diff that the So you can browse the diff that the So you can browse the diff that the
agent has made. You can actually hop agent has made. You can actually hop agent has made. You can actually hop
open pop open the terminal with command open pop open the terminal with command open pop open the terminal with command
J. So you don't have to, you know, J. So you don't have to, you know, J. So you don't have to, you know,
switch away to a different window if you switch away to a different window if you switch away to a different window if you
kind of want to do some sort of ad hoc kind of want to do some sort of ad hoc kind of want to do some sort of ad hoc
things. You know, it's really breaking things. You know, it's really breaking things. You know, it's really breaking
expectations that like, oh, I don't I expectations that like, oh, I don't I expectations that like, oh, I don't I
don't actually have to have all my code. don't actually have to have all my code. don't actually have to have all my code.
I mean it's nice but I can actually get I mean it's nice but I can actually get I mean it's nice but I can actually get
a lot done and there's actually more a lot done and there's actually more a lot done and there's actually more
value for a lot of people in being able value for a lot of people in being able value for a lot of people in being able
to you know to organize and and work to you know to organize and and work to you know to organize and and work
across multiple agents and like that's across multiple agents and like that's across multiple agents and like that's
actually the thing that they're is like actually the thing that they're is like actually the thing that they're is like
the top priority and that we you know the top priority and that we you know the top priority and that we you know
really bring front and center to people. really bring front and center to people. really bring front and center to people.
&gt;&gt; Well let's talk a little bit about how &gt;&gt; Well let's talk a little bit about how &gt;&gt; Well let's talk a little bit about how
coding agents and systems like Codex coding agents and systems like Codex coding agents and systems like Codex
change the way developers work. So when change the way developers work. So when change the way developers work. So when
coding agents enter the workflow what coding agents enter the workflow what coding agents enter the workflow what
changes first in the daily work of changes first in the daily work of changes first in the daily work of
engineers like you? engineers like you? engineers like you?
&gt;&gt; Sure. I mean one of the biggest I think &gt;&gt; Sure. I mean one of the biggest I think &gt;&gt; Sure. I mean one of the biggest I think
is throughput. I mean just that people is throughput. I mean just that people is throughput. I mean just that people
are really trying to uh they know that are really trying to uh they know that are really trying to uh they know that
if you really put attention on it right if you really put attention on it right if you really put attention on it right
you can actually get a lot of work done you can actually get a lot of work done you can actually get a lot of work done
in parallel and kind of that incurs some in parallel and kind of that incurs some in parallel and kind of that incurs some
amount of context switching that maybe amount of context switching that maybe amount of context switching that maybe
not everyone but everyone loves but if not everyone but everyone loves but if not everyone but everyone loves but if
you can master that right you can really you can master that right you can really you can master that right you can really
push a lot of things forward. That's one push a lot of things forward. That's one push a lot of things forward. That's one
is that, you know, I personally have, I is that, you know, I personally have, I is that, you know, I personally have, I
think, five clones of the the codeex think, five clones of the the codeex think, five clones of the the codeex
repo that I can kind of hop between and, repo that I can kind of hop between and, repo that I can kind of hop between and,
you know, sometimes it's a small thing you know, sometimes it's a small thing you know, sometimes it's a small thing
that I just saw somewhere while I was that I just saw somewhere while I was that I just saw somewhere while I was
doing something else. like I'd really doing something else. like I'd really doing something else. like I'd really
just like to get that fixed or sometimes just like to get that fixed or sometimes just like to get that fixed or sometimes
there's you know kind of like full day there's you know kind of like full day there's you know kind of like full day
conversations where I'm kind of maybe conversations where I'm kind of maybe conversations where I'm kind of maybe
doing a very large change and like doing a very large change and like doing a very large change and like
working with codeex throughout the working with codeex throughout the working with codeex throughout the
course of the day or kind of you know course of the day or kind of you know course of the day or kind of you know
between meetings and you you a lot of between meetings and you you a lot of between meetings and you you a lot of
people I think who there's few minutes people I think who there's few minutes people I think who there's few minutes
five minutes between meetings you might five minutes between meetings you might five minutes between meetings you might
want to like you know send another want to like you know send another want to like you know send another
message just to to push it off in message just to to push it off in message just to to push it off in
another direction so that that it keeps another direction so that that it keeps another direction so that that it keeps
moving forward uh you know on whichever moving forward uh you know on whichever moving forward uh you know on whichever
task that you're doing. Yeah. One is task that you're doing. Yeah. One is task that you're doing. Yeah. One is
working across multiple work streams at working across multiple work streams at working across multiple work streams at
the same time. I think another that a the same time. I think another that a the same time. I think another that a
lot of people are spending more time on lot of people are spending more time on lot of people are spending more time on
right now is then even figuring out well right now is then even figuring out well right now is then even figuring out well
how do I optimize this workflow? This is how do I optimize this workflow? This is how do I optimize this workflow? This is
this is all very new right to everybody this is all very new right to everybody this is all very new right to everybody
I mean relatively speaking. So investing I mean relatively speaking. So investing I mean relatively speaking. So investing
in oh you know should I turn this into a in oh you know should I turn this into a in oh you know should I turn this into a
this thing that I feel like I keep this thing that I feel like I keep this thing that I feel like I keep
doing. Should I turn this into a skill doing. Should I turn this into a skill doing. Should I turn this into a skill
or that sort of thing? Should I actually or that sort of thing? Should I actually or that sort of thing? Should I actually
share this skill with my teammates share this skill with my teammates share this skill with my teammates
because I think we should actually all because I think we should actually all because I think we should actually all
be doing this sort of thing. You know, be doing this sort of thing. You know, be doing this sort of thing. You know,
everyone I think all, you know, good everyone I think all, you know, good everyone I think all, you know, good
developers are always trying to find developers are always trying to find developers are always trying to find
good tools and to optimize their inner good tools and to optimize their inner good tools and to optimize their inner
loop, but this is like a new inner loop loop, but this is like a new inner loop loop, but this is like a new inner loop
that I think we're all kind of figuring that I think we're all kind of figuring that I think we're all kind of figuring
out how to optimize. So now we're, you out how to optimize. So now we're, you out how to optimize. So now we're, you
know, spending time on that that in a know, spending time on that that in a know, spending time on that that in a
way that didn't exist before. And then way that didn't exist before. And then way that didn't exist before. And then
the other one that I think is very the other one that I think is very the other one that I think is very
natural is how much time we all spend on natural is how much time we all spend on natural is how much time we all spend on
on code review or the volume of um code on code review or the volume of um code on code review or the volume of um code
review. That's one, you know, obviously review. That's one, you know, obviously review. That's one, you know, obviously
that gets a lot of attention right now. that gets a lot of attention right now. that gets a lot of attention right now.
And, you know, for sure Codeex is also And, you know, for sure Codeex is also And, you know, for sure Codeex is also
doing a lot of the code review, which is doing a lot of the code review, which is doing a lot of the code review, which is
great. uh which saves us a lot of time great. uh which saves us a lot of time great. uh which saves us a lot of time
you know and so figuring out how to how you know and so figuring out how to how you know and so figuring out how to how
to make the most of that too is always to make the most of that too is always to make the most of that too is always
feel like a bit of a moving target right feel like a bit of a moving target right feel like a bit of a moving target right
now now now
&gt;&gt; when you was working on codeex initially &gt;&gt; when you was working on codeex initially &gt;&gt; when you was working on codeex initially
were there any like interesting stories were there any like interesting stories were there any like interesting stories
or unexpected things that you encounter or unexpected things that you encounter or unexpected things that you encounter
&gt;&gt; you know so much has changed so Codex is &gt;&gt; you know so much has changed so Codex is &gt;&gt; you know so much has changed so Codex is
still not even quite a year old right still not even quite a year old right still not even quite a year old right
which is pretty remarkable the amount of which is pretty remarkable the amount of which is pretty remarkable the amount of
change in that in that time period change in that in that time period change in that in that time period
&gt;&gt; mind-blowing yeah &gt;&gt; mind-blowing yeah &gt;&gt; mind-blowing yeah
&gt;&gt; yeah I mean you know trying to think &gt;&gt; yeah I mean you know trying to think &gt;&gt; yeah I mean you know trying to think
back the models is are a very big part back the models is are a very big part back the models is are a very big part
of the acceleration that we've had. So of the acceleration that we've had. So of the acceleration that we've had. So
when we launched in April of 2025, that when we launched in April of 2025, that when we launched in April of 2025, that
was part of the 03 and 04 mini launch. was part of the 03 and 04 mini launch. was part of the 03 and 04 mini launch.
So we were using reasonal reasoning So we were using reasonal reasoning So we were using reasonal reasoning
models. the tool calling and instruction models. the tool calling and instruction models. the tool calling and instruction
following like wasn't you know quite I following like wasn't you know quite I following like wasn't you know quite I
think where we we wanted to be and you think where we we wanted to be and you think where we we wanted to be and you
know seeing that change over time that know seeing that change over time that know seeing that change over time that
has been a big one trying to think about has been a big one trying to think about has been a big one trying to think about
but you asked specifically about like but you asked specifically about like but you asked specifically about like
kind of early on um a lot of those kind of early on um a lot of those kind of early on um a lot of those
things I mean I think getting codecs to things I mean I think getting codecs to things I mean I think getting codecs to
write more of codecs you know it was write more of codecs you know it was write more of codecs you know it was
just such a that seeing that just such a that seeing that just such a that seeing that
bootstrapping happen you know things bootstrapping happen you know things bootstrapping happen you know things
like agents MD uh becoming more standard like agents MD uh becoming more standard like agents MD uh becoming more standard
and things like that that just getting and things like that that just getting and things like that that just getting
that scaffolding in place so that you're that scaffolding in place so that you're that scaffolding in place so that you're
building the tool that's optimizing your building the tool that's optimizing your building the tool that's optimizing your
own workflow that gives you kind of that own workflow that gives you kind of that own workflow that gives you kind of that
exponential liftoff was just exciting exponential liftoff was just exciting exponential liftoff was just exciting
and and very fun to have certainly like and and very fun to have certainly like and and very fun to have certainly like
colleagues like really starting to get colleagues like really starting to get colleagues like really starting to get
it and you know shift more of their work it and you know shift more of their work it and you know shift more of their work
to codeex and being excited about doing to codeex and being excited about doing to codeex and being excited about doing
that. How does repository and all the that. How does repository and all the that. How does repository and all the
documents how do they need to look like documents how do they need to look like documents how do they need to look like
when an agent is navigating this instead when an agent is navigating this instead when an agent is navigating this instead
of a human developer like you mentioned of a human developer like you mentioned of a human developer like you mentioned
agents MD what is the biggest difference agents MD what is the biggest difference agents MD what is the biggest difference
here here here
&gt;&gt; it's funny I think an interesting thing &gt;&gt; it's funny I think an interesting thing &gt;&gt; it's funny I think an interesting thing
about this whole agentic coding journey about this whole agentic coding journey about this whole agentic coding journey
is that there are a number of practices is that there are a number of practices is that there are a number of practices
that have been considered best practice that have been considered best practice that have been considered best practice
you know in software for a long time and you know in software for a long time and you know in software for a long time and
we just didn't do them so you know for we just didn't do them so you know for we just didn't do them so you know for
example documentation is one test-driven example documentation is one test-driven example documentation is one test-driven
development is one you know people I development is one you know people I development is one you know people I
mean that's not that people never did mean that's not that people never did mean that's not that people never did
these things, right? But they they're these things, right? But they they're these things, right? But they they're
like, "Well, you know, is the trade-off like, "Well, you know, is the trade-off like, "Well, you know, is the trade-off
there? Is it worth it?" Right? And now, there? Is it worth it?" Right? And now, there? Is it worth it?" Right? And now,
you know, in in an agent first world, you know, in in an agent first world, you know, in in an agent first world,
these things are clearly worth it, these things are clearly worth it, these things are clearly worth it,
right? And now people are I feel like, right? And now people are I feel like, right? And now people are I feel like,
you know, almost rediscovering these you know, almost rediscovering these you know, almost rediscovering these
things that we've known about for a long things that we've known about for a long things that we've known about for a long
time, but but really caring about them. time, but but really caring about them. time, but but really caring about them.
When you think about agents MD, for When you think about agents MD, for When you think about agents MD, for
example, you know, all the stuff that's example, you know, all the stuff that's example, you know, all the stuff that's
in there, at least that we write in in there, at least that we write in in there, at least that we write in
ours, I would say, is is suitable for a ours, I would say, is is suitable for a ours, I would say, is is suitable for a
human, you know, you know, person human, you know, you know, person human, you know, you know, person
joining the team and things that they joining the team and things that they joining the team and things that they
need to know and it's all these best need to know and it's all these best need to know and it's all these best
practices. You know, it's nice. It's practices. You know, it's nice. It's practices. You know, it's nice. It's
actually kind of freeing that to make actually kind of freeing that to make actually kind of freeing that to make
sure we actually write these things down sure we actually write these things down sure we actually write these things down
in a way, you know, for the agent and in a way, you know, for the agent and in a way, you know, for the agent and
for our teammates. But at least on for our teammates. But at least on for our teammates. But at least on
codeex, you know, you can see it, right? codeex, you know, you can see it, right? codeex, you know, you can see it, right?
It's kind of nice that you can just look It's kind of nice that you can just look It's kind of nice that you can just look
in the repo and see what we do. You in the repo and see what we do. You in the repo and see what we do. You
know, our agents MD file is pretty know, our agents MD file is pretty know, our agents MD file is pretty
modest. I would say on codeex, you know, modest. I would say on codeex, you know, modest. I would say on codeex, you know,
we consider ourselves AGI build, meaning we consider ourselves AGI build, meaning we consider ourselves AGI build, meaning
that we should, the agent should really that we should, the agent should really that we should, the agent should really
be deciding what to do rather than us be deciding what to do rather than us be deciding what to do rather than us
feeding it, you know, more instruction feeding it, you know, more instruction feeding it, you know, more instruction
than it needs. And so rather than, you than it needs. And so rather than, you than it needs. And so rather than, you
know, trying to write up a document know, trying to write up a document know, trying to write up a document
that's in parallel to the source code, that's in parallel to the source code, that's in parallel to the source code,
you know, that's potentially duplicative you know, that's potentially duplicative you know, that's potentially duplicative
and and and also potentially incorrect, and and and also potentially incorrect, and and and also potentially incorrect,
right? Inconsistent. The agent most of right? Inconsistent. The agent most of right? Inconsistent. The agent most of
the time is spends a lot of time rip the time is spends a lot of time rip the time is spends a lot of time rip
gripping like reading code, right? Kind gripping like reading code, right? Kind gripping like reading code, right? Kind
of forming its own opinion. So I think of forming its own opinion. So I think of forming its own opinion. So I think
we try to put things in an agent's MD we try to put things in an agent's MD we try to put things in an agent's MD
that maybe it wouldn't have gotten, you that maybe it wouldn't have gotten, you that maybe it wouldn't have gotten, you
know, very obviously or very quickly know, very obviously or very quickly know, very obviously or very quickly
from the code, you know, like, hey, this from the code, you know, like, hey, this from the code, you know, like, hey, this
is the way you should run the tests or is the way you should run the tests or is the way you should run the tests or
these tests are more important than these tests are more important than these tests are more important than
those tests, things like that. But I those tests, things like that. But I those tests, things like that. But I
think we actually try not to overdo it. think we actually try not to overdo it. think we actually try not to overdo it.
let the agent you know decide the best let the agent you know decide the best let the agent you know decide the best
way forward. way forward. way forward.
&gt;&gt; So you think in the nearest future &gt;&gt; So you think in the nearest future &gt;&gt; So you think in the nearest future
agents indeed will be written by an agents indeed will be written by an agents indeed will be written by an
agent. agent. agent.
&gt;&gt; I mean a lot of people's are right now &gt;&gt; I mean a lot of people's are right now &gt;&gt; I mean a lot of people's are right now
you know or I know a lot of folks who we you know or I know a lot of folks who we you know or I know a lot of folks who we
don't happen to do it on our our team as don't happen to do it on our our team as don't happen to do it on our our team as
a general practice. I would say you a general practice. I would say you a general practice. I would say you
actually I mean look through the the actually I mean look through the the actually I mean look through the the
history and double check me on that one. history and double check me on that one. history and double check me on that one.
Many people I have anecdotally like that Many people I have anecdotally like that Many people I have anecdotally like that
they in their personal instructions say they in their personal instructions say they in their personal instructions say
oh and when you're done like please oh and when you're done like please oh and when you're done like please
update anything of interest to the update anything of interest to the update anything of interest to the
agents MD file that you you know it was agents MD file that you you know it was agents MD file that you you know it was
not obvious or however you whatever you not obvious or however you whatever you not obvious or however you whatever you
and your your agent your codeex want to and your your agent your codeex want to and your your agent your codeex want to
do. I feel like there in the industry I do. I feel like there in the industry I do. I feel like there in the industry I
mean I just see different papers coming mean I just see different papers coming mean I just see different papers coming
out on people are experimenting with I out on people are experimenting with I out on people are experimenting with I
guess even how much to tell the agent guess even how much to tell the agent guess even how much to tell the agent
and I'm sure it depends on the agent as and I'm sure it depends on the agent as and I'm sure it depends on the agent as
well. So but like I said I think we take well. So but like I said I think we take well. So but like I said I think we take
like a modest approach. It's not like like a modest approach. It's not like like a modest approach. It's not like
tens of pages of instructions or tens of pages of instructions or tens of pages of instructions or
anything like that. I think it's more anything like that. I think it's more anything like that. I think it's more
like a handful off the top of my head. like a handful off the top of my head. like a handful off the top of my head.
&gt;&gt; What about context engineering being an &gt;&gt; What about context engineering being an &gt;&gt; What about context engineering being an
important part of this process? Is there important part of this process? Is there important part of this process? Is there
is such a thing as too much context for is such a thing as too much context for is such a thing as too much context for
an agent? So I'm not a re researcher an agent? So I'm not a re researcher an agent? So I'm not a re researcher
would give you a more precise answer but would give you a more precise answer but would give you a more precise answer but
I would I give you from my from my I would I give you from my from my I would I give you from my from my
empirical experience is that you know a empirical experience is that you know a empirical experience is that you know a
lot of times you know like let's say lot of times you know like let's say lot of times you know like let's say
when I'm prompting codeex like for like when I'm prompting codeex like for like when I'm prompting codeex like for like
a more meteor task you know I probably a more meteor task you know I probably a more meteor task you know I probably
write about a paragraph or so and I ask write about a paragraph or so and I ask write about a paragraph or so and I ask
it to go often ask it to familiarize it to go often ask it to familiarize it to go often ask it to familiarize
itself with that part of the code you itself with that part of the code you itself with that part of the code you
know maybe I give it explicit pointers know maybe I give it explicit pointers know maybe I give it explicit pointers
to files if I think it's going to help to files if I think it's going to help to files if I think it's going to help
but but a lot of times I I don't you but but a lot of times I I don't you but but a lot of times I I don't you
know does a good job of searching the know does a good job of searching the know does a good job of searching the
code base I mean I think you You know, code base I mean I think you You know, code base I mean I think you You know,
you ask about things you do. I mean, I you ask about things you do. I mean, I you ask about things you do. I mean, I
guess subtly trying to make sure files guess subtly trying to make sure files guess subtly trying to make sure files
and folders are well named and things and folders are well named and things and folders are well named and things
like that. I think I mean, again, one of like that. I think I mean, again, one of like that. I think I mean, again, one of
those things that's just a good practice those things that's just a good practice those things that's just a good practice
anyway, but it's probably even more anyway, but it's probably even more anyway, but it's probably even more
important than we realize, you know, important than we realize, you know, important than we realize, you know,
when the agent's searching the code. when the agent's searching the code. when the agent's searching the code.
Most of the contents is context, sorry, Most of the contents is context, sorry, Most of the contents is context, sorry,
you know, is going to be agents MD my, you know, is going to be agents MD my, you know, is going to be agents MD my,
you know, the thing that I prompted. It you know, the thing that I prompted. It you know, the thing that I prompted. It
may be some file references that I gave may be some file references that I gave may be some file references that I gave
it. I mean, I do also give it access to it. I mean, I do also give it access to it. I mean, I do also give it access to
reading GitHub. So things like hey a reading GitHub. So things like hey a reading GitHub. So things like hey a
similar thing happened in this poll similar thing happened in this poll similar thing happened in this poll
request or I think this request request or I think this request request or I think this request
progressed in this pull request and so progressed in this pull request and so progressed in this pull request and so
it could also see not just the code but it could also see not just the code but it could also see not just the code but
any if the conversation that happened on any if the conversation that happened on any if the conversation that happened on
that pull request but again it's more that pull request but again it's more that pull request but again it's more
about I think like letting codeex knows about I think like letting codeex knows about I think like letting codeex knows
it has these options here are the tools it has these options here are the tools it has these options here are the tools
in your toolbox but not being in your toolbox but not being in your toolbox but not being
prescriptive about the best way for it prescriptive about the best way for it prescriptive about the best way for it
to solve a problem and trying to let it to solve a problem and trying to let it to solve a problem and trying to let it
do its job and it's and it's a good do its job and it's and it's a good do its job and it's and it's a good
model so it you know it does a good job model so it you know it does a good job model so it you know it does a good job
there. It sounds almost like it pushes there. It sounds almost like it pushes there. It sounds almost like it pushes
you kind of toward stricter you kind of toward stricter you kind of toward stricter
architecture. architecture. architecture.
&gt;&gt; Certainly, you know, Codeex is going to &gt;&gt; Certainly, you know, Codeex is going to &gt;&gt; Certainly, you know, Codeex is going to
follow patterns that it that it sees in follow patterns that it that it sees in follow patterns that it that it sees in
the in the codebase, you know. So, if the in the codebase, you know. So, if the in the codebase, you know. So, if
you have a good architecture in the you have a good architecture in the you have a good architecture in the
first place and it's going to follow it first place and it's going to follow it first place and it's going to follow it
and maintain it and force the invariance and maintain it and force the invariance and maintain it and force the invariance
that you set up, you're going to be in a that you set up, you're going to be in a that you set up, you're going to be in a
good position over time. But again, good position over time. But again, good position over time. But again,
right, that's also true of human right, that's also true of human right, that's also true of human
developers as well. It's just I guess developers as well. It's just I guess developers as well. It's just I guess
it's just that, you know, the rate of it's just that, you know, the rate of it's just that, you know, the rate of
change is now just so much higher. So change is now just so much higher. So change is now just so much higher. So
that if you yes have these you know that if you yes have these you know that if you yes have these you know
standards you know you're going to get standards you know you're going to get standards you know you're going to get
the benefits of them. the benefits of them. the benefits of them.
&gt;&gt; Do you still see a lot of slope coming &gt;&gt; Do you still see a lot of slope coming &gt;&gt; Do you still see a lot of slope coming
out from the model from the coding out from the model from the coding out from the model from the coding
agents and like how do you fight it? agents and like how do you fight it? agents and like how do you fight it?
&gt;&gt; I mean with codecs not trying to think &gt;&gt; I mean with codecs not trying to think &gt;&gt; I mean with codecs not trying to think
of anything comes to mind. I don't think of anything comes to mind. I don't think of anything comes to mind. I don't think
I've seen things that I would call slop. I've seen things that I would call slop. I've seen things that I would call slop.
Sometimes it's just I think all these Sometimes it's just I think all these Sometimes it's just I think all these
models like to write code and so models like to write code and so models like to write code and so
sometimes the answer is deleting code sometimes the answer is deleting code sometimes the answer is deleting code
and sometimes you you know maybe need to and sometimes you you know maybe need to and sometimes you you know maybe need to
be a little more prescriptive in that be a little more prescriptive in that be a little more prescriptive in that
way but you know that's not exactly slop way but you know that's not exactly slop way but you know that's not exactly slop
or maybe it's like h you know you added or maybe it's like h you know you added or maybe it's like h you know you added
500 lines to this file maybe you should 500 lines to this file maybe you should 500 lines to this file maybe you should
have made a new file like that's those have made a new file like that's those have made a new file like that's those
are easier fixes but in you know in many are easier fixes but in you know in many are easier fixes but in you know in many
cases what's far more common is that it cases what's far more common is that it cases what's far more common is that it
maybe knows an idiom or a language maybe knows an idiom or a language maybe knows an idiom or a language
feature you know that I just happen to feature you know that I just happen to feature you know that I just happen to
not have encountered yet and it adds it not have encountered yet and it adds it not have encountered yet and it adds it
and I you know like learn something new. and I you know like learn something new. and I you know like learn something new.
That is more often the way that I'm That is more often the way that I'm That is more often the way that I'm
surprised by CEX rather than than surprised by CEX rather than than surprised by CEX rather than than
&gt;&gt; what what you're describing is that uh &gt;&gt; what what you're describing is that uh &gt;&gt; what what you're describing is that uh
since the Codex was started the model since the Codex was started the model since the Codex was started the model
was not there yet. Now it's much was not there yet. Now it's much was not there yet. Now it's much
stronger model now it's the application stronger model now it's the application stronger model now it's the application
itself that brings more audience. I'm itself that brings more audience. I'm itself that brings more audience. I'm
trying to understand this little like trying to understand this little like trying to understand this little like
big model or big harness what is more big model or big harness what is more big model or big harness what is more
important and is there a way when the important and is there a way when the important and is there a way when the
harness stop being a rapper and just harness stop being a rapper and just harness stop being a rapper and just
starts becoming an environment that starts becoming an environment that starts becoming an environment that
matters more or it's still the model matters more or it's still the model matters more or it's still the model
rules it all rules it all rules it all
&gt;&gt; you know it's possible I mean in a lot &gt;&gt; you know it's possible I mean in a lot &gt;&gt; you know it's possible I mean in a lot
of ways we try to make the harness as of ways we try to make the harness as of ways we try to make the harness as
small and as tight as possible so one small and as tight as possible so one small and as tight as possible so one
thing you you see in in codeex compared thing you you see in in codeex compared thing you you see in in codeex compared
to I think some of the others is that we to I think some of the others is that we to I think some of the others is that we
try to give it very few tools so for try to give it very few tools so for try to give it very few tools so for
example codeex doesn't have an explicit example codeex doesn't have an explicit example codeex doesn't have an explicit
tool for like reading files, right? tool for like reading files, right? tool for like reading files, right?
Instead, we give it troll of a computer Instead, we give it troll of a computer Instead, we give it troll of a computer
terminal and if it uses cat or said or terminal and if it uses cat or said or terminal and if it uses cat or said or
whatever command line tool that's whatever command line tool that's whatever command line tool that's
present on the system to read a file, we present on the system to read a file, we present on the system to read a file, we
encourage it to do that. I made a encourage it to do that. I made a encourage it to do that. I made a
comment earlier about about being agi comment earlier about about being agi comment earlier about about being agi
pill and we meaning that we give it a pill and we meaning that we give it a pill and we meaning that we give it a
large space to play in and it should large space to play in and it should large space to play in and it should
find the best point in that space to find the best point in that space to find the best point in that space to
move forward. In a certain sense, the move forward. In a certain sense, the move forward. In a certain sense, the
harness gets smaller in a number of way harness gets smaller in a number of way harness gets smaller in a number of way
or we we try to keep it small and just or we we try to keep it small and just or we we try to keep it small and just
give it like a handful of very very give it like a handful of very very give it like a handful of very very
powerful tools. The only way perhaps we powerful tools. The only way perhaps we powerful tools. The only way perhaps we
compromise on that at all is again is compromise on that at all is again is compromise on that at all is again is
the is the security aspect of things is the is the security aspect of things is the is the security aspect of things is
that you know security and the that you know security and the that you know security and the
sandboxing like specifically how we sandboxing like specifically how we sandboxing like specifically how we
approach it is a very important backs approach it is a very important backs approach it is a very important backs
stop I would say to just letting codeex stop I would say to just letting codeex stop I would say to just letting codeex
run wild so to speak. Yeah. You know, run wild so to speak. Yeah. You know, run wild so to speak. Yeah. You know,
sometimes people play tricks trying to sometimes people play tricks trying to sometimes people play tricks trying to
do special tools to try to maybe manage do special tools to try to maybe manage do special tools to try to maybe manage
the context window better. Like you feel the context window better. Like you feel the context window better. Like you feel
like as the harness author, it's like, like as the harness author, it's like, like as the harness author, it's like,
well, I know better than codeex, like well, I know better than codeex, like well, I know better than codeex, like
I'm going to give it I'm going to try to I'm going to give it I'm going to try to I'm going to give it I'm going to try to
bias it to do these certain things, say bias it to do these certain things, say bias it to do these certain things, say
to manage context window better. But I I to manage context window better. But I I to manage context window better. But I I
would say we try to shy away from that. would say we try to shy away from that. would say we try to shy away from that.
If say it's going to run a tool that's If say it's going to run a tool that's If say it's going to run a tool that's
going to spit out a gigabyte of data, going to spit out a gigabyte of data, going to spit out a gigabyte of data,
then we don't want to put that gigabyte then we don't want to put that gigabyte then we don't want to put that gigabyte
of data into the context window because of data into the context window because of data into the context window because
it's not probably relevant. I think our it's not probably relevant. I think our it's not probably relevant. I think our
view would be okay let's let's bias view would be okay let's let's bias view would be okay let's let's bias
codeex so that it writes that to a file codeex so that it writes that to a file codeex so that it writes that to a file
and then maybe it grips the file or it and then maybe it grips the file or it and then maybe it grips the file or it
does something else right and like but does something else right and like but does something else right and like but
it's again free to kind of choose its it's again free to kind of choose its it's again free to kind of choose its
way to solve that problem. Do you think way to solve that problem. Do you think way to solve that problem. Do you think
it's possible to encode all these rules it's possible to encode all these rules it's possible to encode all these rules
in safety and build it in sandboxing or in safety and build it in sandboxing or in safety and build it in sandboxing or
there's always should be human in the there's always should be human in the there's always should be human in the
loop like human judgment loop like human judgment loop like human judgment
&gt;&gt; for coding for at least at least the the &gt;&gt; for coding for at least at least the the &gt;&gt; for coding for at least at least the the
tasks that you know I you know focus on tasks that you know I you know focus on tasks that you know I you know focus on
sandboxing is really the main thing like sandboxing is really the main thing like sandboxing is really the main thing like
is is the replacement for human in the is is the replacement for human in the is is the replacement for human in the
loop for a lot of the stuff at least for loop for a lot of the stuff at least for loop for a lot of the stuff at least for
you know for the sorts of tasks that we you know for the sorts of tasks that we you know for the sorts of tasks that we
work on you know you have a prompt you work on you know you have a prompt you work on you know you have a prompt you
have a you have a problem you have a have a you have a problem you have a have a you have a problem you have a
coding problem that you give to codeex coding problem that you give to codeex coding problem that you give to codeex
you have this environment that it can you have this environment that it can you have this environment that it can
operate in that's you know constrained operate in that's you know constrained operate in that's you know constrained
in certain ways by a sandbox letting it in certain ways by a sandbox letting it in certain ways by a sandbox letting it
explore that space is I think going to explore that space is I think going to explore that space is I think going to
get you you know the best solution get you you know the best solution get you you know the best solution
certainly at scale right if you like I certainly at scale right if you like I certainly at scale right if you like I
mentioned you know I have like five mentioned you know I have like five mentioned you know I have like five
clones of of codecs going if I were clones of of codecs going if I were clones of of codecs going if I were
having to interject every few minutes on having to interject every few minutes on having to interject every few minutes on
all five of those things and you like all five of those things and you like all five of those things and you like
then that really limits fundamentally then that really limits fundamentally then that really limits fundamentally
like the throughput that you can get out like the throughput that you can get out like the throughput that you can get out
of them in training the model I mean as of them in training the model I mean as of them in training the model I mean as
as opposed to having a human in the loop as opposed to having a human in the loop as opposed to having a human in the loop
right we we want the models to get right we we want the models to get right we we want the models to get
smarter and to do those types of things smarter and to do those types of things smarter and to do those types of things
have those corrections happening at have those corrections happening at have those corrections happening at
training time that that you know then training time that that you know then training time that that you know then
play out at inference time. play out at inference time. play out at inference time.
&gt;&gt; So it will be more in the model not in &gt;&gt; So it will be more in the model not in &gt;&gt; So it will be more in the model not in
the harness. So yes, there's other parts the harness. So yes, there's other parts the harness. So yes, there's other parts
that are important also, right? Things that are important also, right? Things that are important also, right? Things
like the reliability of the harness is, like the reliability of the harness is, like the reliability of the harness is,
you know, a pretty big one, right? The you know, a pretty big one, right? The you know, a pretty big one, right? The
harness falls over, then your session's harness falls over, then your session's harness falls over, then your session's
over and then, you know, what can the over and then, you know, what can the over and then, you know, what can the
model do and that sort of thing. And so model do and that sort of thing. And so model do and that sort of thing. And so
to that end, you know, performance and to that end, you know, performance and to that end, you know, performance and
reliability are very important reliability are very important reliability are very important
principles that we have when principles that we have when principles that we have when
implementing the harness. For example, I implementing the harness. For example, I implementing the harness. For example, I
don't know if we want to stand up a farm don't know if we want to stand up a farm don't know if we want to stand up a farm
of Raspberry Pies, I don't know, right? of Raspberry Pies, I don't know, right? of Raspberry Pies, I don't know, right?
where each one's running running the where each one's running running the where each one's running running the
agent loop ensuring that again we're agent loop ensuring that again we're agent loop ensuring that again we're
like judicious with the resources on the like judicious with the resources on the like judicious with the resources on the
machine right so that most of the energy machine right so that most of the energy machine right so that most of the energy
is spent what the model needs to do and is spent what the model needs to do and is spent what the model needs to do and
like the harness is ideally doing kind like the harness is ideally doing kind like the harness is ideally doing kind
of like the the bare minimum there we I of like the the bare minimum there we I of like the the bare minimum there we I
think inevitably move out towards multi- think inevitably move out towards multi- think inevitably move out towards multi-
aent and sub aent and more agents aent and sub aent and more agents aent and sub aent and more agents
talking across machines and things like talking across machines and things like talking across machines and things like
that having the harness then is not just that having the harness then is not just that having the harness then is not just
you know a single machine you know you know a single machine you know you know a single machine you know
process right now we're like about a process right now we're like about a process right now we're like about a
network of agents and things like that. network of agents and things like that. network of agents and things like that.
I expect there'll be you know more I expect there'll be you know more I expect there'll be you know more
interesting work to do there still. I interesting work to do there still. I interesting work to do there still. I
won't be out of a job quite yet. That won't be out of a job quite yet. That won't be out of a job quite yet. That
will change and you know and you know I will change and you know and you know I will change and you know and you know I
personally have spent most of my career personally have spent most of my career personally have spent most of my career
writing tools for developers right now writing tools for developers right now writing tools for developers right now
probably writing more tools for agents. probably writing more tools for agents. probably writing more tools for agents.
The agent obviously can write its own The agent obviously can write its own The agent obviously can write its own
tools um as well, but we'd rather have a tools um as well, but we'd rather have a tools um as well, but we'd rather have a
small number of tools that are very small number of tools that are very small number of tools that are very
powerful that it can use to explore the powerful that it can use to explore the powerful that it can use to explore the
space. Well, but I think that we'll also space. Well, but I think that we'll also space. Well, but I think that we'll also
still continue to be experimenting like still continue to be experimenting like still continue to be experimenting like
what is that right, you know, set of what is that right, you know, set of what is that right, you know, set of
primitives that we want to focus on. primitives that we want to focus on. primitives that we want to focus on.
&gt;&gt; Do you know this set already? Have you &gt;&gt; Do you know this set already? Have you &gt;&gt; Do you know this set already? Have you
thought about it? thought about it? thought about it?
&gt;&gt; I mean, I think we see a lot of the &gt;&gt; I mean, I think we see a lot of the &gt;&gt; I mean, I think we see a lot of the
pieces there right now. So, I mentioned pieces there right now. So, I mentioned pieces there right now. So, I mentioned
uh I use the term shell tool earlier. I uh I use the term shell tool earlier. I uh I use the term shell tool earlier. I
use it more generally as a terminal use it more generally as a terminal use it more generally as a terminal
tool. So the models interface, you know, tool. So the models interface, you know, tool. So the models interface, you know,
into like a using a computer terminal into like a using a computer terminal into like a using a computer terminal
more like a human would, not just more like a human would, not just more like a human would, not just
straight up just executing individual straight up just executing individual straight up just executing individual
commands. So like dealing with things commands. So like dealing with things commands. So like dealing with things
with streaming output and and using that with streaming output and and using that with streaming output and and using that
efficiently. The use of memory I think efficiently. The use of memory I think efficiently. The use of memory I think
is I guess another you know big area is I guess another you know big area is I guess another you know big area
that we see uh a lot of interesting work that we see uh a lot of interesting work that we see uh a lot of interesting work
happening in. So historically again happening in. So historically again happening in. So historically again
every time you would you you would start every time you would you you would start every time you would you you would start
a conversation right it's kind of from a conversation right it's kind of from a conversation right it's kind of from
nothing and that's why you have agents nothing and that's why you have agents nothing and that's why you have agents
MD and some of this context stuffing to MD and some of this context stuffing to MD and some of this context stuffing to
try to get that you know information try to get that you know information try to get that you know information
into the model very quickly. So if you into the model very quickly. So if you into the model very quickly. So if you
looked, you know, in the repo, you can looked, you know, in the repo, you can looked, you know, in the repo, you can
see there's a lot of um experiments see there's a lot of um experiments see there's a lot of um experiments
around memory. There's a lot going on around memory. There's a lot going on around memory. There's a lot going on
with with different types of context with with different types of context with with different types of context
connectors, right? It's like, okay, connectors, right? It's like, okay, connectors, right? It's like, okay,
well, I originally was kind of focusing well, I originally was kind of focusing well, I originally was kind of focusing
on computer tasks on your machine, but on computer tasks on your machine, but on computer tasks on your machine, but
now it's also about getting work done, now it's also about getting work done, now it's also about getting work done,
which maybe is, you know, sending email which maybe is, you know, sending email which maybe is, you know, sending email
on behalf of your or creating documents on behalf of your or creating documents on behalf of your or creating documents
and things like that. That set of tools and things like that. That set of tools and things like that. That set of tools
or or taking action, you know, in a web or or taking action, you know, in a web or or taking action, you know, in a web
browser. There's a lot there as well. browser. There's a lot there as well. browser. There's a lot there as well.
And then things like just kind of I And then things like just kind of I And then things like just kind of I
think standard LLM stuff where generally think standard LLM stuff where generally think standard LLM stuff where generally
speaking more context window is good. speaking more context window is good. speaking more context window is good.
How we compact that you know when you How we compact that you know when you How we compact that you know when you
hit the limits of the context window you hit the limits of the context window you hit the limits of the context window you
know all that stuff is still actively know all that stuff is still actively know all that stuff is still actively
being pursued and uh contributes to the being pursued and uh contributes to the being pursued and uh contributes to the
overall model you know agent experience. overall model you know agent experience. overall model you know agent experience.
[music] 