Hey everyone. Uh I'm Rufus and this is Hey everyone. Uh I'm Rufus and this is
my colleague Daniela from Daytopian and my colleague Daniela from Daytopian and my colleague Daniela from Daytopian and
this is AI learn today. uh where we this is AI learn today. uh where we this is AI learn today. uh where we
explore a kind of pretty raw way you explore a kind of pretty raw way you explore a kind of pretty raw way you
know our own experience of going through know our own experience of going through know our own experience of going through
the AI revolution of what tools are the AI revolution of what tools are the AI revolution of what tools are
working particularly with a focus well working particularly with a focus well working particularly with a focus well
AI in general and also AI and data which AI in general and also AI and data which AI in general and also AI and data which
is kind of dtopian's expertise is kind of dtopian's expertise is kind of dtopian's expertise
and you know trying ourselves the and you know trying ourselves the and you know trying ourselves the
questions we're coming up with how how questions we're coming up with how how questions we're coming up with how how
you apply it in your life how you apply you apply it in your life how you apply you apply it in your life how you apply
in an organization how you apply it um in an organization how you apply it um in an organization how you apply it um
for work for doing whatever you want to for work for doing whatever you want to for work for doing whatever you want to
do So, what would you like to talk about do So, what would you like to talk about do So, what would you like to talk about
today, Daniela? today, Daniela? today, Daniela?
&gt;&gt; I think what I'd like us to kick off &gt;&gt; I think what I'd like us to kick off &gt;&gt; I think what I'd like us to kick off
today with is I spend a lot of time in today with is I spend a lot of time in today with is I spend a lot of time in
charge or other AI tools nowadays and charge or other AI tools nowadays and charge or other AI tools nowadays and
every time I explore an idea and every time I explore an idea and every time I explore an idea and
sometimes I love brainstorming, just sometimes I love brainstorming, just sometimes I love brainstorming, just
brainstorming with with the AI and the brainstorming with with the AI and the brainstorming with with the AI and the
AI gives me, you know, more branches, AI gives me, you know, more branches, AI gives me, you know, more branches,
more variations, more possibilities. So more variations, more possibilities. So more variations, more possibilities. So
instead of instead of instead of
reducing the complexity, reducing the complexity, reducing the complexity,
I feel like I'm multiplying it. And I feel like I'm multiplying it. And I feel like I'm multiplying it. And
and and the key problem is and and the key problem is and and the key problem is
it just feels like the possibilities are it just feels like the possibilities are it just feels like the possibilities are
are growing faster than my ability to are growing faster than my ability to are growing faster than my ability to
execute or or decide. And then we can execute or or decide. And then we can execute or or decide. And then we can
connect this to the other topic we connect this to the other topic we connect this to the other topic we
briefly touched upon which is the memory briefly touched upon which is the memory briefly touched upon which is the memory
and that the fact that AI keeps and that the fact that AI keeps and that the fact that AI keeps
forgetting. forgetting. forgetting.
Um so I think that that's the main thing Um so I think that that's the main thing Um so I think that that's the main thing
we can start with and then see how it we can start with and then see how it we can start with and then see how it
goes. goes. goes.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Oh great. So maybe do you have a &gt;&gt; Yeah. Oh great. So maybe do you have a &gt;&gt; Yeah. Oh great. So maybe do you have a
concrete example in your mind? I think a concrete example in your mind? I think a concrete example in your mind? I think a
good candidate could be creating an AI good candidate could be creating an AI good candidate could be creating an AI
salesunnel for instance and automating salesunnel for instance and automating salesunnel for instance and automating
it. Okay. And so it. Okay. And so it. Okay. And so
imagine you know I'm I'm trying to build imagine you know I'm I'm trying to build imagine you know I'm I'm trying to build
an AI powered salesunnel. Uh and it an AI powered salesunnel. Uh and it an AI powered salesunnel. Uh and it
sounds straightforward you know there sounds straightforward you know there sounds straightforward you know there
should be some steps something like I should be some steps something like I should be some steps something like I
don't know you're capturing the leads don't know you're capturing the leads don't know you're capturing the leads
you're qualifying following up you're qualifying following up you're qualifying following up
conversions so on and so forth. But then conversions so on and so forth. But then conversions so on and so forth. But then
I start very simple. what would the I start very simple. what would the I start very simple. what would the
salesunnel look like or help me design salesunnel look like or help me design salesunnel look like or help me design
an AI sales funnel and then AI starts an AI sales funnel and then AI starts an AI sales funnel and then AI starts
giving me giving me giving me
five different funnel structures um five different funnel structures um five different funnel structures um
asking me questions uh to understand asking me questions uh to understand asking me questions uh to understand
more about the context uh inbound versus more about the context uh inbound versus more about the context uh inbound versus
outbound strategies it's giving me outbound strategies it's giving me outbound strategies it's giving me
different channel approaches email different channel approaches email different channel approaches email
versus chatbot versus some hybrid versus chatbot versus some hybrid versus chatbot versus some hybrid
options and then so many different options and then so many different options and then so many different
directions that I I get overwhelmed I directions that I I get overwhelmed I directions that I I get overwhelmed I
don't know where to go cuz it I I I I don't know where to go cuz it I I I I don't know where to go cuz it I I I I
want to answer all of these questions want to answer all of these questions want to answer all of these questions
and I I want to get the clarity and I and I I want to get the clarity and I and I I want to get the clarity and I
actually like a lot of the suggestions actually like a lot of the suggestions actually like a lot of the suggestions
and then should I dig deeper into this and then should I dig deeper into this and then should I dig deeper into this
suggestion but then I also wanted to suggestion but then I also wanted to suggestion but then I also wanted to
look into the other thing and then I look into the other thing and then I look into the other thing and then I
this is the moment where I start this is the moment where I start this is the moment where I start
copy and pasting into documents copy and pasting into documents copy and pasting into documents
especially if I want to capture especially if I want to capture especially if I want to capture
something and I feel like I'm going to something and I feel like I'm going to something and I feel like I'm going to
lose it. So that's a great example lose it. So that's a great example lose it. So that's a great example
uh Daniela and it's kind of what I want uh Daniela and it's kind of what I want uh Daniela and it's kind of what I want
to say we can call it like the diamond to say we can call it like the diamond to say we can call it like the diamond
problem kind of opening up the kind of problem kind of opening up the kind of problem kind of opening up the kind of
in the classic diamond you you start in the classic diamond you you start in the classic diamond you you start
from a question or a problem and you from a question or a problem and you from a question or a problem and you
start researching or ex you know start researching or ex you know start researching or ex you know
exploring and then there's this point exploring and then there's this point exploring and then there's this point
where you you know you've opened where you you know you've opened where you you know you've opened
everything up and you then need you want everything up and you then need you want everything up and you then need you want
to reconverge and to reconverge and to reconverge and
&gt;&gt; that &gt;&gt; that &gt;&gt; that
&gt;&gt; that's kind of the missing part you know &gt;&gt; that's kind of the missing part you know &gt;&gt; that's kind of the missing part you know
and it also reminds me of the internet and it also reminds me of the internet and it also reminds me of the internet
in general and Wikipedia and things like in general and Wikipedia and things like in general and Wikipedia and things like
that being where I was wearing like I'm that being where I was wearing like I'm that being where I was wearing like I'm
interested in some topic and then I end interested in some topic and then I end interested in some topic and then I end
up on Wikipedia and then I found oh but up on Wikipedia and then I found oh but up on Wikipedia and then I found oh but
there's a link to something interesting there's a link to something interesting there's a link to something interesting
in this article and then before I know in this article and then before I know in this article and then before I know
I'm like 10 links down and I'm like what I'm like 10 links down and I'm like what I'm like 10 links down and I'm like what
was I you know what was I even trying to was I you know what was I even trying to was I you know what was I even trying to
look at originally look at originally look at originally
um and I you know do find that um can um and I you know do find that um can um and I you know do find that um can
happen also with AI but because it's got happen also with AI but because it's got happen also with AI but because it's got
such a big knowledge base and before I such a big knowledge base and before I such a big knowledge base and before I
know it I'm like somewhere down some know it I'm like somewhere down some know it I'm like somewhere down some
chain of exploration chain of exploration chain of exploration
and I've kind of forgotten how that went and I've kind of forgotten how that went and I've kind of forgotten how that went
back to the the beginning or I' I've back to the the beginning or I' I've back to the the beginning or I' I've
lost track of that. And the other aspect lost track of that. And the other aspect lost track of that. And the other aspect
you're saying is you kind of generate so you're saying is you kind of generate so you're saying is you kind of generate so
many documents or research threads or many documents or research threads or many documents or research threads or
kind of things and you kind of actually kind of things and you kind of actually kind of things and you kind of actually
rather than ending up with an answer, rather than ending up with an answer, rather than ending up with an answer,
you end up with like more materials you end up with like more materials you end up with like more materials
&gt;&gt; that you need to digest than you had &gt;&gt; that you need to digest than you had &gt;&gt; that you need to digest than you had
before. before. before.
&gt;&gt; Um, &gt;&gt; Um, &gt;&gt; Um,
&gt;&gt; exactly. This is this is describing it &gt;&gt; exactly. This is this is describing it &gt;&gt; exactly. This is this is describing it
very well. very well. very well.
&gt;&gt; My experience of AI &gt;&gt; My experience of AI &gt;&gt; My experience of AI
even now when it it's got a lot lot even now when it it's got a lot lot even now when it it's got a lot lot
better is that with generic questions better is that with generic questions better is that with generic questions
&gt;&gt; um and we could pick even a more &gt;&gt; um and we could pick even a more &gt;&gt; um and we could pick even a more
concrete one like the other day or even concrete one like the other day or even concrete one like the other day or even
saying like I want a um basically to saying like I want a um basically to saying like I want a um basically to
kind of organize all my photos on my kind of organize all my photos on my kind of organize all my photos on my
hard disk and I need a tool for this you hard disk and I need a tool for this you hard disk and I need a tool for this you
know you could pick any kind of things know you could pick any kind of things know you could pick any kind of things
you tend to ask you tend to ask you tend to ask
you get quite generic and not so useful you get quite generic and not so useful you get quite generic and not so useful
responses and even ones which expand responses and even ones which expand responses and even ones which expand
when you've got particularly a big when you've got particularly a big when you've got particularly a big
problem like an AI salesunnel. Um problem like an AI salesunnel. Um problem like an AI salesunnel. Um
because what I would some say is the AI because what I would some say is the AI because what I would some say is the AI
is often synthesizing a lot of is often synthesizing a lot of is often synthesizing a lot of
information. It's often going out on the information. It's often going out on the information. It's often going out on the
internet and reading things and it internet and reading things and it internet and reading things and it
itself is getting a bit overwhelmed itself is getting a bit overwhelmed itself is getting a bit overwhelmed
often. often. often.
And so you need some kind of there's two And so you need some kind of there's two And so you need some kind of there's two
things I think you often need. One, you things I think you often need. One, you things I think you often need. One, you
want some kind of process yourself for want some kind of process yourself for want some kind of process yourself for
how this kind of work goes. how this kind of work goes. how this kind of work goes.
Um Um Um
and I'll come to that. you know, like and I'll come to that. you know, like and I'll come to that. you know, like
the situation, complication, question, the situation, complication, question, the situation, complication, question,
hypothesis, structure, you know, and hypothesis, structure, you know, and hypothesis, structure, you know, and
other things about what you're trying to other things about what you're trying to other things about what you're trying to
do. And then also, you want do. And then also, you want do. And then also, you want
maybe the most important thing is kind maybe the most important thing is kind maybe the most important thing is kind
of your own context. Generally, the more of your own context. Generally, the more of your own context. Generally, the more
knowledge you as a user have um knowledge you as a user have um knowledge you as a user have um
particularly like big picture knowledge particularly like big picture knowledge particularly like big picture knowledge
about the domain and choices that you about the domain and choices that you about the domain and choices that you
want to make, the better. And and even want to make, the better. And and even want to make, the better. And and even
if you have some judgment, for example, if you have some judgment, for example, if you have some judgment, for example,
if you know something roughly about how if you know something roughly about how if you know something roughly about how
AI sales funnels should work, you're AI sales funnels should work, you're AI sales funnels should work, you're
going to have a lot better job building going to have a lot better job building going to have a lot better job building
one. Not you need to know the detail for one. Not you need to know the detail for one. Not you need to know the detail for
your organization, but you can spot when your organization, but you can spot when your organization, but you can spot when
it's making errors or guide it in ways it's making errors or guide it in ways it's making errors or guide it in ways
you want it to go. Whereas if you know you want it to go. Whereas if you know you want it to go. Whereas if you know
nothing, you're kind you can often be in nothing, you're kind you can often be in nothing, you're kind you can often be in
a bit of trouble because basically it's a bit of trouble because basically it's a bit of trouble because basically it's
not necess not necess not necess
wrong, but it just won't you can't wrong, but it just won't you can't wrong, but it just won't you can't
really direct it because you don't know really direct it because you don't know really direct it because you don't know
what anything should look like. It's what anything should look like. It's what anything should look like. It's
like trying to get it to build a house. like trying to get it to build a house. like trying to get it to build a house.
Yes, it has all the knowledge of Yes, it has all the knowledge of Yes, it has all the knowledge of
humanity online about how to build humanity online about how to build humanity online about how to build
houses, but you knowing how should be houses, but you knowing how should be houses, but you knowing how should be
built means you can spot when there are built means you can spot when there are built means you can spot when there are
real errors like hey, there are no real errors like hey, there are no real errors like hey, there are no
windows or um you know or but I wanted windows or um you know or but I wanted windows or um you know or but I wanted
the house to be like this or maybe it's the house to be like this or maybe it's the house to be like this or maybe it's
not any wrong. It's like oh but I not any wrong. It's like oh but I not any wrong. It's like oh but I
actually knew I wanted the house like actually knew I wanted the house like actually knew I wanted the house like
that. Um so and finally which comes to that. Um so and finally which comes to that. Um so and finally which comes to
the memory point is like check the the memory point is like check the the memory point is like check the
process of actually using the AI which I process of actually using the AI which I process of actually using the AI which I
would call the way that you prompt the would call the way that you prompt the would call the way that you prompt the
way you get it to ask you questions the way you get it to ask you questions the way you get it to ask you questions the
way you get it to do basically do way you get it to do basically do way you get it to do basically do
brainstorming and um the way that you do brainstorming and um the way that you do brainstorming and um the way that you do
checkpointing for memory as you go checkpointing for memory as you go checkpointing for memory as you go
through that process particularly for through that process particularly for through that process particularly for
larger problems whether we're talking larger problems whether we're talking larger problems whether we're talking
about building an app whether you're about building an app whether you're about building an app whether you're
talking about doing strategic research talking about doing strategic research talking about doing strategic research
any of these things you're going to any of these things you're going to any of these things you're going to
exhaust the memory um of of the agent exhaust the memory um of of the agent exhaust the memory um of of the agent
even things with very large context even things with very large context even things with very large context
windows. Now I'm saying I've got a windows. Now I'm saying I've got a windows. Now I'm saying I've got a
million token tok context window million token tok context window million token tok context window
certainly now there's on Gemini's had certainly now there's on Gemini's had certainly now there's on Gemini's had
that for a while claude now have it for that for a while claude now have it for that for a while claude now have it for
max subscribers open AI opening up the max subscribers open AI opening up the max subscribers open AI opening up the
truth is even like halfway to the truth is even like halfway to the truth is even like halfway to the
context window there's often context window there's often context window there's often
degradations in performance and things degradations in performance and things degradations in performance and things
like that and then you get compaction like that and then you get compaction like that and then you get compaction
and things happening so this ability to and things happening so this ability to and things happening so this ability to
distill as you're going through the distill as you're going through the distill as you're going through the
process useful insights from what you've process useful insights from what you've process useful insights from what you've
done and kind of checkpoint that in so done and kind of checkpoint that in so done and kind of checkpoint that in so
you're saving that to a disk basically you're saving that to a disk basically you're saving that to a disk basically
files that can then be reread in fresh files that can then be reread in fresh files that can then be reread in fresh
sessions is very is very helpful. Um sessions is very is very helpful. Um sessions is very is very helpful. Um
it's also a good test because when you it's also a good test because when you it's also a good test because when you
come to do other work later you can come to do other work later you can come to do other work later you can
reboot in a clean way. But let's just reboot in a clean way. But let's just reboot in a clean way. But let's just
start um start um start um
very very briefly very very briefly very very briefly
um and maybe I start in the midpoint um and maybe I start in the midpoint um and maybe I start in the midpoint
actually on the last point of not just actually on the last point of not just actually on the last point of not just
the checkpointing but how you prompt. So the checkpointing but how you prompt. So the checkpointing but how you prompt. So
one is that a bunch of one is that a bunch of one is that a bunch of
There are a bunch of brainstorming There are a bunch of brainstorming There are a bunch of brainstorming
basically skills. So a skill, if you basically skills. So a skill, if you basically skills. So a skill, if you
don't know what a skill is, a skill is a don't know what a skill is, a skill is a don't know what a skill is, a skill is a
kind of prompt basically just to this is kind of prompt basically just to this is kind of prompt basically just to this is
a prompt for the AI that's good at a prompt for the AI that's good at a prompt for the AI that's good at
helping you do things. And they started helping you do things. And they started helping you do things. And they started
really encoding was they worked out that really encoding was they worked out that really encoding was they worked out that
it was much better if you had the AI it was much better if you had the AI it was much better if you had the AI
agent, you know, work with you to dis agent, you know, work with you to dis agent, you know, work with you to dis
create a kind of design document and a create a kind of design document and a create a kind of design document and a
product requirement document uh and an product requirement document uh and an product requirement document uh and an
implementation hand before you build implementation hand before you build implementation hand before you build
rather than just say build me rather than just say build me rather than just say build me
build me a stakes and ladders game. build me a stakes and ladders game. build me a stakes and ladders game.
Um if you do this brainstorming at the Um if you do this brainstorming at the Um if you do this brainstorming at the
beginning, it's a lot better basically beginning, it's a lot better basically beginning, it's a lot better basically
for you because you actually do for you because you actually do for you because you actually do
basically job requirement. you do job basically job requirement. you do job basically job requirement. you do job
stories properly or whatever it is and stories properly or whatever it is and stories properly or whatever it is and
for the AI and what's cool is those have for the AI and what's cool is those have for the AI and what's cool is those have
got pretty refined and you can use them got pretty refined and you can use them got pretty refined and you can use them
you don't need to just use them for you don't need to just use them for you don't need to just use them for
coding you can use them for anything and coding you can use them for anything and coding you can use them for anything and
for example there's a very popular one for example there's a very popular one for example there's a very popular one
called superpowers from a guy called called superpowers from a guy called called superpowers from a guy called
Jesse uh Obra superpowers on GitHub and Jesse uh Obra superpowers on GitHub and Jesse uh Obra superpowers on GitHub and
they're now almost built in that Claude they're now almost built in that Claude they're now almost built in that Claude
had this planning feature you know many had this planning feature you know many had this planning feature you know many
of the AI coding harnesses like open of the AI coding harnesses like open of the AI coding harnesses like open
code have this built in and code have this built in and code have this built in and
you know in a in a simple way you know in a in a simple way you know in a in a simple way
making you write out at the beginning making you write out at the beginning making you write out at the beginning
like a a vision brainstorming what you like a a vision brainstorming what you like a a vision brainstorming what you
actually want to do asking you multiple actually want to do asking you multiple actually want to do asking you multiple
choice questions and you can prompt the choice questions and you can prompt the choice questions and you can prompt the
AI to kind of do what these skills do AI to kind of do what these skills do AI to kind of do what these skills do
and one of the most useful things is and one of the most useful things is and one of the most useful things is
tell the AI to act as like a worldclass tell the AI to act as like a worldclass tell the AI to act as like a worldclass
kind of business needs analyst for kind of business needs analyst for kind of business needs analyst for
example about you know start out let's example about you know start out let's example about you know start out let's
come to your concrete example rather come to your concrete example rather come to your concrete example rather
than out say I want to build an AI co uh than out say I want to build an AI co uh than out say I want to build an AI co uh
sales funnel we say listen I we've got sales funnel we say listen I we've got sales funnel we say listen I we've got
this salesunnel. I want you first to this salesunnel. I want you first to this salesunnel. I want you first to
help me analyze my business problem. And help me analyze my business problem. And help me analyze my business problem. And
then we're going to build, you know, we then we're going to build, you know, we then we're going to build, you know, we
want to use AI to improve our salesunnel want to use AI to improve our salesunnel want to use AI to improve our salesunnel
handling, but I want you to first be a handling, but I want you to first be a handling, but I want you to first be a
world-class kind of business analyst and world-class kind of business analyst and world-class kind of business analyst and
kind of um, you know, strategic analyst. kind of um, you know, strategic analyst. kind of um, you know, strategic analyst.
And I want you to ask me multiple choice And I want you to ask me multiple choice And I want you to ask me multiple choice
questions, one at a time, questions, one at a time, questions, one at a time,
to help me clarify our needs. And I want to help me clarify our needs. And I want to help me clarify our needs. And I want
you to stop when you feel we've got a you to stop when you feel we've got a you to stop when you feel we've got a
clear enough description of a problem to clear enough description of a problem to clear enough description of a problem to
start moving towards researching a start moving towards researching a start moving towards researching a
solution. But I want you to first do solution. But I want you to first do solution. But I want you to first do
that. And you know um normally that will that. And you know um normally that will that. And you know um normally that will
produce you a read me or a vision produce you a read me or a vision produce you a read me or a vision
document or certain other documents that document or certain other documents that document or certain other documents that
would even be the booting point of your would even be the booting point of your would even be the booting point of your
next thing. So that would also be your next thing. So that would also be your next thing. So that would also be your
like memory checkpoint at the end of like memory checkpoint at the end of like memory checkpoint at the end of
that process. And I can't emphasize this that process. And I can't emphasize this that process. And I can't emphasize this
enough I guess for me which is in my enough I guess for me which is in my enough I guess for me which is in my
view doing this work which can often view doing this work which can often view doing this work which can often
take an hour or two in my experience is take an hour or two in my experience is take an hour or two in my experience is
you know you can oneshot things where you know you can oneshot things where you know you can oneshot things where
you just like write one thing out and it you just like write one thing out and it you just like write one thing out and it
will build something but for most will build something but for most will build something but for most
interesting stuff you're doing in your interesting stuff you're doing in your interesting stuff you're doing in your
organization this work and the thing is organization this work and the thing is organization this work and the thing is
it does demand cognitive skills and and it does demand cognitive skills and and it does demand cognitive skills and and
some knowledge of your business problem. some knowledge of your business problem. some knowledge of your business problem.
uh you can kind of bootstrap sometimes uh you can kind of bootstrap sometimes uh you can kind of bootstrap sometimes
by doing something very simple then by doing something very simple then by doing something very simple then
going doing research and then coming going doing research and then coming going doing research and then coming
back and doing the process. So that's back and doing the process. So that's back and doing the process. So that's
point one and that that relates also to point one and that that relates also to point one and that that relates also to
having business context for what you're having business context for what you're having business context for what you're
doing. doing. doing.
&gt;&gt; That's been very useful and and one &gt;&gt; That's been very useful and and one &gt;&gt; That's been very useful and and one
thing that I've just been reflecting on thing that I've just been reflecting on thing that I've just been reflecting on
while you were talking because I I tend while you were talking because I I tend while you were talking because I I tend
to think a lot in general not just to think a lot in general not just to think a lot in general not just
within the AI. I keep asking myself within the AI. I keep asking myself within the AI. I keep asking myself
these many questions and going in these many questions and going in these many questions and going in
different directions and exploring. So I different directions and exploring. So I different directions and exploring. So I
I do tend to spend a lot of time in this I do tend to spend a lot of time in this I do tend to spend a lot of time in this
brainstorming or getting the clarity brainstorming or getting the clarity brainstorming or getting the clarity
phase. Um so I think what you're saying phase. Um so I think what you're saying phase. Um so I think what you're saying
is making a lot of sense and is probably is making a lot of sense and is probably is making a lot of sense and is probably
going to be useful for me and even to do going to be useful for me and even to do going to be useful for me and even to do
some prep ahead of the actual session some prep ahead of the actual session some prep ahead of the actual session
before using the AI. before using the AI. before using the AI.
&gt;&gt; Just to say I would say that diving in &gt;&gt; Just to say I would say that diving in &gt;&gt; Just to say I would say that diving in
is very attractive in my experience. is very attractive in my experience. is very attractive in my experience.
The more my greatest thing at the moment The more my greatest thing at the moment The more my greatest thing at the moment
is just use it like actually very very is just use it like actually very very is just use it like actually very very
early on and sometimes I overthink think early on and sometimes I overthink think early on and sometimes I overthink think
about I would say because I can use it about I would say because I can use it about I would say because I can use it
even at the very beginning you can say even at the very beginning you can say even at the very beginning you can say
things like I don't know what I'm doing should I start this way or that way and should I start this way or that way and
I find also asking it to guide me so I find also asking it to guide me so I find also asking it to guide me so
what I also find is when there are for what I also find is when there are for what I also find is when there are for
example multiple choice questions I example multiple choice questions I example multiple choice questions I
don't know the answer I tell it to give don't know the answer I tell it to give don't know the answer I tell it to give
me its recommendation and then actually me its recommendation and then actually me its recommendation and then actually
I either might agree with it or it might I either might agree with it or it might I either might agree with it or it might
prompt me to be realized like No, I prompt me to be realized like No, I prompt me to be realized like No, I
don't want that. I wanted something don't want that. I wanted something don't want that. I wanted something
else. Um, so here's maybe I could just else. Um, so here's maybe I could just else. Um, so here's maybe I could just
very quickly share an example for very quickly share an example for very quickly share an example for
building a little tool, a micro tool the building a little tool, a micro tool the building a little tool, a micro tool the
other day. Um, which was um uh other day. Um, which was um uh other day. Um, which was um uh
let me see. Uh, do I I don't I don't let me see. Uh, do I I don't I don't let me see. Uh, do I I don't I don't
have I have that. I'm going to take the have I have that. I'm going to take the have I have that. I'm going to take the
entire screen. Um, entire screen. Um, entire screen. Um,
this was um building, you know, I'm this was um building, you know, I'm this was um building, you know, I'm
building on the command line, but you building on the command line, but you building on the command line, but you
could do this in claw desktop. You could could do this in claw desktop. You could could do this in claw desktop. You could
do this in the the codeex tool from do this in the the codeex tool from do this in the the codeex tool from
chat. chat. chat.
&gt;&gt; But basically at the beginning I'm &gt;&gt; But basically at the beginning I'm &gt;&gt; But basically at the beginning I'm
saying I have a problem which is I do a saying I have a problem which is I do a saying I have a problem which is I do a
lot of writing with AI and I want it to lot of writing with AI and I want it to lot of writing with AI and I want it to
sound like me and I'm just like sound like me and I'm just like sound like me and I'm just like
outflowing here. Um and I'm and I had outflowing here. Um and I'm and I had outflowing here. Um and I'm and I had
got some thought about this before it's got some thought about this before it's got some thought about this before it's
true. And I said um but basically I'm true. And I said um but basically I'm true. And I said um but basically I'm
just outflowing like I want to sound you just outflowing like I want to sound you just outflowing like I want to sound you
know I um and I then tell it what I want know I um and I then tell it what I want know I um and I then tell it what I want
you to do here first. What I want to you to do here first. What I want to you to do here first. What I want to
even do here is I want you to write out even do here is I want you to write out even do here is I want you to write out
the kind of need that we're describing the kind of need that we're describing the kind of need that we're describing
here into the read me. So you see this here into the read me. So you see this here into the read me. So you see this
I'm telling AI to play back to me what I'm telling AI to play back to me what I'm telling AI to play back to me what
I've just kind of outflowed. What is the I've just kind of outflowed. What is the I've just kind of outflowed. What is the
purpose of this here? It is to research purpose of this here? It is to research purpose of this here? It is to research
I guess initially research how you do I guess initially research how you do I guess initially research how you do
that with IA how you can prompt it and that with IA how you can prompt it and that with IA how you can prompt it and
direct it. Ultimately I think we want to direct it. Ultimately I think we want to direct it. Ultimately I think we want to
come up with some skill. So I do have come up with some skill. So I do have come up with some skill. So I do have
some context knowledge here of like what some context knowledge here of like what some context knowledge here of like what
the outcome is like I want an an agent the outcome is like I want an an agent the outcome is like I want an an agent
skill. Um but if I didn't know that I skill. Um but if I didn't know that I skill. Um but if I didn't know that I
could have said to him what do you think could have said to him what do you think could have said to him what do you think
the outcome should be and actually ask the outcome should be and actually ask the outcome should be and actually ask
it. And so then it's going to write out it. And so then it's going to write out it. And so then it's going to write out
the readme and it will tell me the the readme and it will tell me the the readme and it will tell me the
readme and and I'll and I'll read the readme and and I'll and I'll read the readme and and I'll and I'll read the
readme and I'll be like, "Oh yeah, this readme and I'll be like, "Oh yeah, this readme and I'll be like, "Oh yeah, this
sounds or even some of it's long tell it sounds or even some of it's long tell it sounds or even some of it's long tell it
to distill the readme back to me." Um, to distill the readme back to me." Um, to distill the readme back to me." Um,
and it even tells me it captured the and it even tells me it captured the and it even tells me it captured the
core purpose like in one or two core purpose like in one or two core purpose like in one or two
sentences. I'm like, "Yeah, that's sentences. I'm like, "Yeah, that's sentences. I'm like, "Yeah, that's
right." You know, that's good. Um, and right." You know, that's good. Um, and right." You know, that's good. Um, and
then I'm going to come to I'm say, then I'm going to come to I'm say, then I'm going to come to I'm say,
"Okay, let's go and do research." So off "Okay, let's go and do research." So off "Okay, let's go and do research." So off
it goes and does a whole bunch of it goes and does a whole bunch of it goes and does a whole bunch of
research. Now, this is quite narrow. research. Now, this is quite narrow. research. Now, this is quite narrow.
Um, Um, Um,
&gt;&gt; but it is even going to ask me multiple &gt;&gt; but it is even going to ask me multiple &gt;&gt; but it is even going to ask me multiple
choice questions about the research. choice questions about the research. choice questions about the research.
&gt;&gt; And by the way, I would say one other &gt;&gt; And by the way, I would say one other &gt;&gt; And by the way, I would say one other
comment is that my experience of the comment is that my experience of the comment is that my experience of the
coding tools which you don't need to use coding tools which you don't need to use coding tools which you don't need to use
for coding like Claude CLI um maybe for coding like Claude CLI um maybe for coding like Claude CLI um maybe
because I've loaded the the because I've loaded the the because I've loaded the the
brainstorming skills, I don't know brainstorming skills, I don't know brainstorming skills, I don't know
whether it's that or codecs on the whether it's that or codecs on the whether it's that or codecs on the
command line when I've loaded command line when I've loaded command line when I've loaded
superpowers. superpowers. superpowers.
Um they're a lot better in my experience Um they're a lot better in my experience Um they're a lot better in my experience
than Claude or Chat GBT when you're just than Claude or Chat GBT when you're just than Claude or Chat GBT when you're just
in the classic user mode where you just in the classic user mode where you just in the classic user mode where you just
prompt you you know when they're in prompt you you know when they're in prompt you you know when they're in
their normal um like desktop or or web their normal um like desktop or or web their normal um like desktop or or web
app they some reason the CLI tools maybe app they some reason the CLI tools maybe app they some reason the CLI tools maybe
because they're designed for coding are because they're designed for coding are because they're designed for coding are
much better at doing this kind of like much better at doing this kind of like much better at doing this kind of like
asking me questions at the beginning. asking me questions at the beginning. asking me questions at the beginning.
&gt;&gt; Um &gt;&gt; Um &gt;&gt; Um
&gt;&gt; so it's asking me like what should the &gt;&gt; so it's asking me like what should the &gt;&gt; so it's asking me like what should the
output of this research look like? I'm output of this research look like? I'm output of this research look like? I'm
saying a I'm giving it answers one saying a I'm giving it answers one saying a I'm giving it answers one
should the research focus on any should the research focus on any should the research focus on any
particular area and look here I don't particular area and look here I don't particular area and look here I don't
even know I just say whatever you think even know I just say whatever you think even know I just say whatever you think
is relevant I is relevant I is relevant I
don't I don't care and then it goes off don't I don't care and then it goes off don't I don't care and then it goes off
and does research it does a whole bunch and does research it does a whole bunch and does research it does a whole bunch
of research and then it comes back and of research and then it comes back and of research and then it comes back and
it writes a uh and I'm telling it to it writes a uh and I'm telling it to it writes a uh and I'm telling it to
write a research document or something write a research document or something write a research document or something
right and it writes this research right and it writes this research right and it writes this research
document and it then tells me the document and it then tells me the document and it then tells me the
summary of the research and I say okay summary of the research and I say okay summary of the research and I say okay
um you know and I said and I'm at this um you know and I said and I'm at this um you know and I said and I'm at this
point I'm like I often find another point I'm like I often find another point I'm like I often find another
point about AI is it's quite useful to point about AI is it's quite useful to point about AI is it's quite useful to
build things quite quickly but don't build things quite quickly but don't build things quite quickly but don't
build the whole thing build a prototype build the whole thing build a prototype build the whole thing build a prototype
or something simple and then you quite or something simple and then you quite or something simple and then you quite
rapidly learn what was mistaken or rapidly learn what was mistaken or rapidly learn what was mistaken or
worked in that you know it's quite cheap worked in that you know it's quite cheap worked in that you know it's quite cheap
to build again so um I I then ask me to build again so um I I then ask me to build again so um I I then ask me
some question about what I want to build some question about what I want to build some question about what I want to build
like do I want to build a voice like do I want to build a voice like do I want to build a voice
extractor or write like me skill and extractor or write like me skill and extractor or write like me skill and
then we do that um and my other my my then we do that um and my other my my then we do that um and my other my my
other rule for myself is whenever I other rule for myself is whenever I other rule for myself is whenever I
start thinking Oh, maybe I'm not sure start thinking Oh, maybe I'm not sure start thinking Oh, maybe I'm not sure
about this. Maybe I need to research about this. Maybe I need to research about this. Maybe I need to research
this more. My general rule is to like this more. My general rule is to like this more. My general rule is to like
know and actually get it built. Like get know and actually get it built. Like get know and actually get it built. Like get
something built and try it something built and try it something built and try it
&gt;&gt; because I learned so much more from that &gt;&gt; because I learned so much more from that &gt;&gt; because I learned so much more from that
than like speculating about the perfect than like speculating about the perfect than like speculating about the perfect
thing. So in the end, this did build the thing. So in the end, this did build the thing. So in the end, this did build the
whole skill. Um and you know, even more whole skill. Um and you know, even more whole skill. Um and you know, even more
was like there was a moment here like was like there was a moment here like was like there was a moment here like
I'm sometimes get quite indecisive. I I'm sometimes get quite indecisive. I I'm sometimes get quite indecisive. I
think maybe most people do. there's a think maybe most people do. there's a think maybe most people do. there's a
point where I need to give it um text point where I need to give it um text point where I need to give it um text
from me and I was like, "Oh my god, I'm from me and I was like, "Oh my god, I'm from me and I was like, "Oh my god, I'm
gonna have to go and select my best gonna have to go and select my best gonna have to go and select my best
writings." Like it wants my best writings." Like it wants my best writings." Like it wants my best
writing. And then I just had this idea. writing. And then I just had this idea. writing. And then I just had this idea.
I can just point it at my whole website. I can just point it at my whole website. I can just point it at my whole website.
You know, this kind you do with AI that You know, this kind you do with AI that You know, this kind you do with AI that
just point it to my website and say, just point it to my website and say, just point it to my website and say,
"You go and find the best samples." You "You go and find the best samples." You "You go and find the best samples." You
know, know, know,
&gt;&gt; that's another thing that is very &gt;&gt; that's another thing that is very &gt;&gt; that's another thing that is very
effective when you don't know. And just effective when you don't know. And just effective when you don't know. And just
it went off and like found me five quite it went off and like found me five quite it went off and like found me five quite
good essays actually. You know, saved me good essays actually. You know, saved me good essays actually. You know, saved me
a whole bunch of time. But I just gave a whole bunch of time. But I just gave a whole bunch of time. But I just gave
him my whole website to go through him my whole website to go through him my whole website to go through
and you know then it came it you know it and you know then it came it you know it and you know then it came it you know it
did this it wrote out my my kind of tone did this it wrote out my my kind of tone did this it wrote out my my kind of tone
of voice. Now of voice. Now of voice. Now
um um um
I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm
um um um
I'm saying all of that because that that I'm saying all of that because that that I'm saying all of that because that that
that was a mini version. But if we went that was a mini version. But if we went that was a mini version. But if we went
back to like the AI salesfunnel, you back to like the AI salesfunnel, you back to like the AI salesfunnel, you
really want to start out by having it really want to start out by having it really want to start out by having it
distill like it's going to ask you distill like it's going to ask you distill like it's going to ask you
questions about data and like what is it questions about data and like what is it questions about data and like what is it
that's actually happening today? Like that's actually happening today? Like that's actually happening today? Like
without that context, building an AI without that context, building an AI without that context, building an AI
salesunnel abstract like building it salesunnel abstract like building it salesunnel abstract like building it
from scratch is actually not so helpful. from scratch is actually not so helpful. from scratch is actually not so helpful.
I would be like much more like okay ask I would be like much more like okay ask I would be like much more like okay ask
me questions to get clear on what's me questions to get clear on what's me questions to get clear on what's
happening today. Let's identify some happening today. Let's identify some happening today. Let's identify some
painoint. That's what a business analyst painoint. That's what a business analyst painoint. That's what a business analyst
would do. Like what is your actual would do. Like what is your actual would do. Like what is your actual
problem? A consultant. Okay, let's let's problem? A consultant. Okay, let's let's problem? A consultant. Okay, let's let's
now zero down on that and like try and now zero down on that and like try and now zero down on that and like try and
build an improvement to that and then build an improvement to that and then build an improvement to that and then
iterate from there. Now, I'm I'm just iterate from there. Now, I'm I'm just iterate from there. Now, I'm I'm just
saying I don't know whether the AI would saying I don't know whether the AI would saying I don't know whether the AI would
say what I just said, but it would be say what I just said, but it would be say what I just said, but it would be
the way I beginning the process would be the way I beginning the process would be the way I beginning the process would be
like actually doing the business kind of like actually doing the business kind of like actually doing the business kind of
context. Um, and then from there coming context. Um, and then from there coming context. Um, and then from there coming
to do research about how we can improve to do research about how we can improve to do research about how we can improve
it and then implementing it and I would it and then implementing it and I would it and then implementing it and I would
be emphasizing on on to the AI as we be emphasizing on on to the AI as we be emphasizing on on to the AI as we
went along which is we want to do went along which is we want to do went along which is we want to do
something as a prototype. We want to do something as a prototype. We want to do something as a prototype. We want to do
this fast. we want to learn. I don't this fast. we want to learn. I don't this fast. we want to learn. I don't
want to be this is not a multi-month want to be this is not a multi-month want to be this is not a multi-month
implement. I'm not writing a strategy implement. I'm not writing a strategy implement. I'm not writing a strategy
document for a Fortune 500 company. So document for a Fortune 500 company. So document for a Fortune 500 company. So
that's that's that's the kind of that's that's that's the kind of that's that's that's the kind of
practical element that I find of it for practical element that I find of it for practical element that I find of it for
me that then makes it a lot better. me that then makes it a lot better. me that then makes it a lot better.
&gt;&gt; You're first of all, I like the part &gt;&gt; You're first of all, I like the part &gt;&gt; You're first of all, I like the part
with the questions. Uh I I probably I with the questions. Uh I I probably I with the questions. Uh I I probably I
probably want to try this out. I haven't probably want to try this out. I haven't probably want to try this out. I haven't
so far tried it out but it sounds so far tried it out but it sounds so far tried it out but it sounds
amazing because I'm I'm also finding it amazing because I'm I'm also finding it amazing because I'm I'm also finding it
difficult sometimes to make a decision difficult sometimes to make a decision difficult sometimes to make a decision
or restrain um the direction I'm going or restrain um the direction I'm going or restrain um the direction I'm going
into but to introduce some sort of into but to introduce some sort of into but to introduce some sort of
constraints um more explicitly maybe or constraints um more explicitly maybe or constraints um more explicitly maybe or
even I don't know I was thinking even I don't know I was thinking even I don't know I was thinking
um yeah I mean we all know the better um yeah I mean we all know the better um yeah I mean we all know the better
the prompt the better the outcome will the prompt the better the outcome will the prompt the better the outcome will
be be be
&gt;&gt; yeah and you could but you can bootstrap &gt;&gt; yeah and you could but you can bootstrap &gt;&gt; yeah and you could but you can bootstrap
what I'm trying to emphasize here by what I'm trying to emphasize here by what I'm trying to emphasize here by
having the AI act like it's the business having the AI act like it's the business having the AI act like it's the business
analyst and ask you questions about the analyst and ask you questions about the analyst and ask you questions about the
business need and context of the you're business need and context of the you're business need and context of the you're
creating those constraints you don't creating those constraints you don't creating those constraints you don't
need to come with that knowledge you can need to come with that knowledge you can need to come with that knowledge you can
simply boot but what's a mistake at the simply boot but what's a mistake at the simply boot but what's a mistake at the
beginning I would say sometimes say beginning I would say sometimes say beginning I would say sometimes say
build me an AI salesunnel build me an AI salesunnel build me an AI salesunnel
&gt;&gt; well it will go off and just give you a &gt;&gt; well it will go off and just give you a &gt;&gt; well it will go off and just give you a
generic answer generic answer generic answer
&gt;&gt; generic yes &gt;&gt; generic yes &gt;&gt; generic yes
&gt;&gt; internet and get confused because &gt;&gt; internet and get confused because &gt;&gt; internet and get confused because
there's such there's such a big there's such there's such a big there's such there's such a big
possibility whereas if you start telling possibility whereas if you start telling possibility whereas if you start telling
it like I'm a startup of this size this it like I'm a startup of this size this it like I'm a startup of this size this
is the kind of product we have this is is the kind of product we have this is is the kind of product we have this is
the current setup we have this is what the current setup we have this is what the current setup we have this is what
you you you
you know we don't have a chat on our you know we don't have a chat on our you know we don't have a chat on our
inter we don't have for example a chat inter we don't have for example a chat inter we don't have for example a chat
bot on our website you know and you can bot on our website you know and you can bot on our website you know and you can
give advice about whether you should do give advice about whether you should do give advice about whether you should do
that but you have you've built a lot that but you have you've built a lot that but you have you've built a lot
more useful constraint and context to more useful constraint and context to more useful constraint and context to
give advice in give advice in give advice in
&gt;&gt; yes definitely and I started investing &gt;&gt; yes definitely and I started investing &gt;&gt; yes definitely and I started investing
more time into building the context in more time into building the context in more time into building the context in
the beginning and I can see how this is the beginning and I can see how this is the beginning and I can see how this is
helping and I think for the sales funnel helping and I think for the sales funnel helping and I think for the sales funnel
in particular I didn't start with the in particular I didn't start with the in particular I didn't start with the
generic prompt but um what I often do is generic prompt but um what I often do is generic prompt but um what I often do is
I ask LGBT or whatever tool I'm using to I ask LGBT or whatever tool I'm using to I ask LGBT or whatever tool I'm using to
do the CQA do the CQA do the CQA
page with me. Yes, with me. Yes. page with me. Yes, with me. Yes. page with me. Yes, with me. Yes.
&gt;&gt; Great. And that's fantastic. And that is &gt;&gt; Great. And that's fantastic. And that is &gt;&gt; Great. And that's fantastic. And that is
really really useful. I I now call that really really useful. I I now call that really really useful. I I now call that
the motivation MD document. I mean I the motivation MD document. I mean I the motivation MD document. I mean I
rather than calling SCQ, I call it the rather than calling SCQ, I call it the rather than calling SCQ, I call it the
motivation for why we're doing the motivation for why we're doing the motivation for why we're doing the
project. project. project.
Read me describes I have a vision or a Read me describes I have a vision or a Read me describes I have a vision or a
read me document which describes the read me document which describes the read me document which describes the
outcome. outcome. outcome.
&gt;&gt; You know normally I want three documents &gt;&gt; You know normally I want three documents &gt;&gt; You know normally I want three documents
at the beginning of project depending at the beginning of project depending at the beginning of project depending
but basically or two I want a motivation but basically or two I want a motivation but basically or two I want a motivation
which is the SCH which is often the which is the SCH which is often the which is the SCH which is often the
business context and the need business context and the need business context and the need
&gt;&gt; and I want a vision or a read me which &gt;&gt; and I want a vision or a read me which &gt;&gt; and I want a vision or a read me which
says the outcome that I want. It's more says the outcome that I want. It's more says the outcome that I want. It's more
like a richer volume of the hypothesis like a richer volume of the hypothesis like a richer volume of the hypothesis
because sometimes I'm okay with just because sometimes I'm okay with just because sometimes I'm okay with just
having the SCQ essentially in the having the SCQ essentially in the having the SCQ essentially in the
motivation document. I don't know what motivation document. I don't know what motivation document. I don't know what
there's no point doing a hypothesis there's no point doing a hypothesis there's no point doing a hypothesis
because I all I have is the question. because I all I have is the question. because I all I have is the question.
There's no point saying what the sales There's no point saying what the sales There's no point saying what the sales
looks like yet because I haven't done looks like yet because I haven't done looks like yet because I haven't done
the research. But often I build the the research. But often I build the the research. But often I build the
motivation what I'm calling the motivation what I'm calling the motivation what I'm calling the
motivation document because that's the motivation document because that's the motivation document because that's the
SQ SQ SQ
&gt;&gt; situation complication question. And &gt;&gt; situation complication question. And &gt;&gt; situation complication question. And
then the read me or vision often I put then the read me or vision often I put then the read me or vision often I put
it in read me. Later on in the project, it in read me. Later on in the project, it in read me. Later on in the project,
the read me will become the actual like the read me will become the actual like the read me will become the actual like
how to use this tool or what to do or how to use this tool or what to do or how to use this tool or what to do or
the the executive briefing and the the the executive briefing and the the the executive briefing and the
vision will stay in a document which was vision will stay in a document which was vision will stay in a document which was
the vision of like what the you know the vision of like what the you know the vision of like what the you know
what what we're trying to do here. But what what we're trying to do here. But what what we're trying to do here. But
basically those two documents maybe we basically those two documents maybe we basically those two documents maybe we
could just call the vision and the could just call the vision and the could just call the vision and the
motivation. um the vision essentially motivation. um the vision essentially motivation. um the vision essentially
the hypothesis the hypothesis the hypothesis
often you know worked through are are often you know worked through are are often you know worked through are are
the key starting points for then any the key starting points for then any the key starting points for then any
implementation work when you're then implementation work when you're then implementation work when you're then
going to go and actually task the AI not going to go and actually task the AI not going to go and actually task the AI not
normally to go and implement directly normally to go and implement directly normally to go and implement directly
then at that point it's like let's then at that point it's like let's then at that point it's like let's
brainstorm an actual implementation plan brainstorm an actual implementation plan brainstorm an actual implementation plan
you know given this how will we build it you know given this how will we build it you know given this how will we build it
you know kind of thing um you know and you know kind of thing um you know and you know kind of thing um you know and
in some cases you can short circuit that in some cases you can short circuit that in some cases you can short circuit that
if you've already got that from some if you've already got that from some if you've already got that from some
other process like if you're a very good other process like if you're a very good other process like if you're a very good
coder and you already know what tool coder and you already know what tool coder and you already know what tool
you're trying to build, you might just you're trying to build, you might just you're trying to build, you might just
be able to write the read me. You don't be able to write the read me. You don't be able to write the read me. You don't
need the motivation. You're just like, need the motivation. You're just like, need the motivation. You're just like,
"Here's the read me. This is what I want "Here's the read me. This is what I want "Here's the read me. This is what I want
my tool to look like at the end." And my tool to look like at the end." And my tool to look like at the end." And
then you go off and you you basically then you go off and you you basically then you go off and you you basically
brainstorm and plan and build. Um brainstorm and plan and build. Um brainstorm and plan and build. Um
um but yeah, so that that that's uh and um but yeah, so that that that's uh and um but yeah, so that that that's uh and
actually in Daytop we have an internal actually in Daytop we have an internal actually in Daytop we have an internal
prompts repo uh datian prompts which I prompts repo uh datian prompts which I prompts repo uh datian prompts which I
think actually has some of this think actually has some of this think actually has some of this
instruction in it but not very well instruction in it but not very well instruction in it but not very well
distilled into a skill yet. distilled into a skill yet. distilled into a skill yet.
Anyway, I think for today that's pretty Anyway, I think for today that's pretty Anyway, I think for today that's pretty
good and we could come to kind of memory good and we could come to kind of memory good and we could come to kind of memory
in the next episode of why how you know in the next episode of why how you know in the next episode of why how you know
AI memory and agent memory, but we've AI memory and agent memory, but we've AI memory and agent memory, but we've
touched on it today. A crucial point I touched on it today. A crucial point I touched on it today. A crucial point I
mentioned several points is you're mentioned several points is you're mentioned several points is you're
getting the AI to write out during this getting the AI to write out during this getting the AI to write out during this
process documents. I like markdown process documents. I like markdown process documents. I like markdown
documents on my local disc, but you can documents on my local disc, but you can documents on my local disc, but you can
use Google Docs, you could use Word use Google Docs, you could use Word use Google Docs, you could use Word
documents, anything your agent can talk documents, anything your agent can talk documents, anything your agent can talk
to that you like editing and reading in. to that you like editing and reading in. to that you like editing and reading in.
um you know just markdown documents are um you know just markdown documents are um you know just markdown documents are
super token efficient and so on. uh super token efficient and so on. uh super token efficient and so on. uh
small call out the flower show here if small call out the flower show here if small call out the flower show here if
you ever want to publish those markdown you ever want to publish those markdown you ever want to publish those markdown
documents but basically documents but basically documents but basically
um that that's even memory that's one um that that's even memory that's one um that that's even memory that's one
way you're distilling this stuff way you're distilling this stuff way you're distilling this stuff
capturing it so that you can reboot the capturing it so that you can reboot the capturing it so that you can reboot the
agent again or the AI again with that agent again or the AI again with that agent again or the AI again with that
context um and even for the AI agent it context um and even for the AI agent it context um and even for the AI agent it
tends to even during the the process I tends to even during the the process I tends to even during the the process I
can't I can't prove this but my sense is can't I can't prove this but my sense is can't I can't prove this but my sense is
when it does that checkpointing and when it does that checkpointing and when it does that checkpointing and
distills things it actually is helping distills things it actually is helping distills things it actually is helping
the AI agent even in a given thread to the AI agent even in a given thread to the AI agent even in a given thread to
sort have something that is a almost sort have something that is a almost sort have something that is a almost
compaction like a kind of condensation compaction like a kind of condensation compaction like a kind of condensation
of what it's already done so far in the of what it's already done so far in the of what it's already done so far in the
thread. Um so you know I really thread. Um so you know I really thread. Um so you know I really
recommend that tip. So anyway if you're recommend that tip. So anyway if you're recommend that tip. So anyway if you're
liking these things uh and you want to liking these things uh and you want to liking these things uh and you want to
hang out more with Daniela and I um hit hang out more with Daniela and I um hit hang out more with Daniela and I um hit
subscribe follow along on the Daytopian subscribe follow along on the Daytopian subscribe follow along on the Daytopian
channel mainly AI learn today at the channel mainly AI learn today at the channel mainly AI learn today at the
present and also you can subscribe on present and also you can subscribe on present and also you can subscribe on
Substack and we yeah and also post any Substack and we yeah and also post any Substack and we yeah and also post any
questions or comments. We'd love to have questions or comments. We'd love to have questions or comments. We'd love to have
ideas for future episodes. Also, your ideas for future episodes. Also, your ideas for future episodes. Also, your
suggestions about how you do this kind suggestions about how you do this kind suggestions about how you do this kind
of prompting. Love to know that. So, we of prompting. Love to know that. So, we of prompting. Love to know that. So, we
look forward to hearing you next. look forward to hearing you next. look forward to hearing you next.
Bye-bye from us today. Bye-bye from us today. Bye-bye from us today.
&gt;&gt; Bye. 